♪ All your insecurities ♪ ♪ All the dirty laundry ♪ ♪ Never made me blink one time ♪ My dating experience has sucked. I'm here because I'm looking for the one, the one who loves me for my personality, and not what I look like. And I hope I find him. ♪ Unconditional ♪ ♪ Unconditionally ♪ ♪ I will love you unconditionally ♪ I'm getting to know someone's heart before anything else. ♪ So open up your heart And just let it begin ♪ ♪ Open up your heart And just let it begin ♪ I'm ready for marriage, but I've never felt true love in my life. I don't think I ever said to anyone, "I love you," except my mom. ( laughs ) ♪ Unconditional ♪ ♪ Unconditionally ♪ ♪ I will love you ♪ ♪ I will love you ♪ ♪ Unconditionally ♪ woman 1: It's so cute in here. Hi! Nick: Hey! ( exclaiming ) Nick: Hey. What's up, guys? Not much. Wow. Nick: Have a seat. Oh man, it's happening now. Nick: It's gettin' real now, isn't it? Oh yeah. Vanessa, singsong: ♪ We're back! ♪ ( cheers and whoops ) ( laughter ) Welcome. I'm Vanessa Lachey. I'm Nick Lachey. Obviously. Vanessa: Obviously. Ladies, welcome to Love Is Blind. ( cheers and applause ) Guys, welcome to Love Is Blind. ( whooping ) Yeah! Yeah! Do you feel like the dating world nowadays has become extremely superficial? Yes. Yes. Yeah. It's all just looks. man 2: No depth. man 3: Yes. When I meet men on dating apps, I think they see Asian and stereotype me, thinking I'm gonna be quiet, more submissive. And then they'll meet me, I'm a bit louder, more outgoing. Yes, girl. And more career-oriented and opinionated. I always hear at the end of the date, "I wasn't expecting you to be like that." Interesting. I feel it's more of a look, first impression. "Blonde hair, big boobs, she's a great time." "It's not wifey material." And they don't give me that chance. The chance to open up, and be myself, and be vulnerable. I feel I have so much to give, but I can't get to that point. Yeah. Nick: We wanna be loved for who we are. And the gentlemen here are here for the exact same reason. This experiment is a proven approach to finding love. Vanessa: So over the next ten days, you guys are gonna finally have the chance to fall in love, based solely on who you are on the inside. That's good. Not because of your looks, your race, your background, or your income. You guys, there'll be no devices, zero distractions. The only time you guys are gonna interact are in the private pods. You're gonna be separated by one thin wall. You won't ever get to see each other. We know. ( laughter ) All decisions are yours. You alone will choose who you wanna spend time with. When you pick the person you wanna spend the rest of your life with, propose. Wow. man 4: Oh yeah. And if they accept, you will see your fiancée for the very first time. man 5: Wow. And four weeks later, you are at your wedding. You have to make the most important decision of your life. ( singsong ) This is where it gets exciting. Nick: Will you say, "I do" to the person you fall in love with here... Vanessa: Sight unseen? ...or will the real world sabotage that love, and will you walk away from that person forever? Is love truly blind? My God... ( exhales ) If you are ready to find the love of your life... Yes. ...walk through those doors, because the pods are officially open. Nick: Open! man 6: Here we go! Nick: Good luck, guys. Go get 'em, girls! Get you your husband! ( laughter ) Are you ready? woman 2: I'm really ready. woman 3: I've spent a long time waiting. You ready? ( chuckles ) Oh God. man 7: I'm very excited about getting in the pods because I've never made it past the first date without a girl bringing up my gray hair. Developed a little complex. man 2: Right here, inside of these pods. Find the love of our lives, man. ♪ Today will be the day ♪ Doesn't matter what I look like, how much I weigh, color, ethnicity, anything you come from, it is who you are inside, and I'm looking forward to what potentially could be discovered in these pods, because I do indeed wanna leave here with a husband. What's the first question gonna be? I still don't know. Just gonna go right in? Yeah. Let's do this. Let's get it! Hello. Hello. Hi. Hola. Howdy Doody. Let's just get the party started. ( laughs ) Have you ever been in love? How about a name? Then we can ask. Oh my God. I'm putting my hand on the wall. Can you see me? No, I can't. Are you as nervous as I am? Oh my God. Hello? Welcome to my pod. ( laughs ) woman 4: This experiment interests me because, you know, I don't have boobs and a butt, so it's like, if I'm not, like, really dressed up, sometimes I look like a 13-year-old boy. ♪ I got that new thing ♪ ♪ New style, new walk ♪ Iyanna: I wanna find my life partner. I've always envisioned it like my best friend. This'd be an awesome story to tell our kids. "I met your dad in a social experiment, where I was dating 14 other guys." Like, "I'm sorry, what, Mom?" ( laughing ) man 2: Hello, hello. Hi. What's going on? What's your name? Iyanna. What's your name? Iyanna, this is Jarrette. Where you from? From Atlanta. And where you from? Anchorage, Alaska. It's where I currently reside. You ain't gonna play with me. Where you from? I'm from Chicago. ( laughing ) He plays too much. I got all the jokes. ( laughs ) ( Iyanna laughs ) Jarrette: So, what you do for a living? I'm a program coordinator at a surrogacy agency. Okay. Do you want children? Of course. Ooh. I want two of them little things. Iyanna: I want at least two. I wouldn't mind four, depending on what our finances look like... Say what? ...and what our time look like... Wait, wait. Hello. You said what? ( laughs ) Did you say four? Is that too ambitious for you? My God, what you want, a half of a starting lineup? ( both laughing ) I've always wanted a big family, 'cause I didn't have one growing up. I was an only child, and it was kind of lonely. Are you and your mom close? Um... No. So, my biological mom raised me until I was nine, um... And she's not in the healthiest space to be able to raise me. So, she kind of gave me to her first cousin and she raised me until I was 18, and then I got kicked out of the house, and then I moved in with my godparents who adopted me at 22, and yeah. You had a lot going on as a child. Yeah, I did. I had so many odds against me. I should not be this okay, you know? ♪ 'Cause all we gotta do ♪ ♪ Is be fearless ♪ All right, come here. I wanna hug you. No, no, no. I'm okay. sh¡t. No, I'm hugging the wall. ( both laughing ) I'm here to find my wife. Someone who's a good person at their core. Nice meeting you. We'll talk again. We definitely will. ( laughing ) So, last year, I had a pretty traumatic incident. I spent about a week being in the ICU by myself. ♪ You got nothing left to lose ♪ I just felt so helpless. I was brought to my knees because I didn't have the woman there who was able to kind of be by my side and be there in the trenches with me. I came to this experiment because the one thing that matters to me above all is just having real, pure love. I want someone who's gonna be by my side through thick and thin. That's why I'm here. Jarrette: Ow! woman 5: Hello. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm good. What is your name? My name's Mallory. What's your name? Nice to meet you, Mallory. My name is Jarrette. Jarrette. Nice to meet you. Not like the Subway guy. Mallory: No. Thank God, no. Or the jeweler. What do you like to do for fun? I'm in a football league, softball league, and basketball league. What about you? Um, I love running, I love dancing. Sundays, I love... Me and my friends go watch Bears games. Yes. Yes, absolutely. I grew up with two brothers, so I'm... I'm a big sports person through and through. Jarrette: It's hard to find a woman who's into sports. Mallory: Oh. I'm loving it for sure. Great. That's awesome. Thank you, Jer. Does anyone call you JerBear? Nobody calls me JerBear. Mallory: I'ma start calling you JerBear. ( laughs ) ( laughs ) I think in this day and age, you don't sit with your feelings. You don't take the time to really think about marriage or having kids or values and goals. People nowadays, they avoid those conversations like the plague. Mallory: Hey. Salvador: Hello. My name is Salvador. Mallory: Salvador. Nice to meet you. My name's Mallory. Salvador: Mallory. Yeah. Salvador: All right. Mallory: Tell me about yourself. Where you from? I'm from a big Hispanic bubble. El Paso, Texas. Oh, nice. Okay. Coming from a Latino background, I feel like I get a little judgment with, like, machismo, and I'm not that person at all. I believe in the importance of vulnerability. I like crying. I feel like emotions and tears are strength. So, this process just really grabs my attention, because in the real world, I haven't found someone that appreciates my love as much as I appreciate theirs. That's why I'm here. Something that surprises people is that I studied opera all throughout college. ( vocalizing opera scales ) Where was your family from? I was born and raised in Chicago. I'm from the South Side. My dad's Mexican, my mom's Polish. My parents are Mexican. Nice. ( in Spanish ) Do you speak Spanish? A little. Salvador: Oh damn! ( laughs ) ( in English ) Stop. ( both laughing ) Salvador: Two cultures, huh? Yeah. I mean, I have a pretty big, loud family. I'm the youngest of four. Salvador: Big, loud family. I'm sure weddings are fun with your family and whatnot. It's important, and I feel like they're your default best friends. Oh, for sure. I love them all. I'm on the same page. Family is really big for me. Okay. How many siblings do you have? Salvador: Well, I have two sisters. Nice. And then my older brother. I'm the middle child, the peacemaker of all them. Mallory: I thought the middle child was the trouble child. ( both laughing ) No, I'm super laid back. I'm soft on the inside. I'm like a Ferrero Rocher. Oh, that's so sweet. ( chuckles ) Mallory: But I like it. ( both laughing ) Hopefully, I get to talk to you again. I hope so too. ( singing ) ♪ Adios, mi amor ♪ ( Mallory squeals ) ( whispers ) Oh my God. Obviously, I can't see him, I don't know what he looks like, all I have to go off of, at least initially, is a voice and Sal just has a really, really nice, sultry voice. ( sighing ) Oh God. What's a Sunday Funday to you? I like being active, a bottomless brunch. Nick: Same here. Just wait 'til you meet Wine Danielle. ( both laughing ) I actually really enjoy your voice. Really? Yeah, of course. And I was, like, so scared. What if I come here and everyone's like, "That girl has an unattractive voice." And that's all I have right now. ( laughing ) What do you do? I love to punch drywall. ( laughing ) Oh God. ( laughing ) I have a dirt bike too, just to top it off. Oh God. I wish I looked like J. Lo. man 8: Hello? There's no place like home. ( Olivia popping lips ) ( quietly ) Oh my God. I gotta pick my wedgie again. Uh, I work in real estate. Do you sell a lot? 'Cause I feel like you have to be somewhat attractive to sell a lot. ( laughing ) There's a lot of shallow people in this world. Is that a normal question to ask? You have to ask all the questions up front, okay? Right. That's not what this is about. I have a huge Instagram following. Obviously, I have, like, a lot of friends. Like, it's crazy. I think I'm really good at these pods because, like, with my job, I have, like, five to, like, 20 people in my car, like, at a time. Okay. ( laughs ) Are you Latina? I am. ( laughs ) You are? I'm half. Latina vibes over there. Oh my God. Shake: I love buying clothes for girls. What's your size? ( scoffs ) What the fսck? Well, do you like working out? Yeah, not a huge fan. Really? Ooh. Yep. I get along best with individuals that do work out. How old are you? Thirty-three. Shake: I prefer dating younger. How old are you? I'm 32. ♪ It's 'bout to get loud in here ♪ Shake: What's your name? My name is Deepti. So, you're Indian. Yes. Oh sh¡t! How did you know? I'm Indian. ( Deepti laughs ) I was born in India, and then I moved here when I was eight. Shake: My serious relationships, they've all been... blonde. Oh, really? Okay. I just remember moving to America, seeing two things for the first time. Seeing snow and blonde girls. ( Deepti chuckles ) And I felt the same way when I saw both. I was like, "Oh wow." You like what you like. Right? I mean, you know? Figured I should just get that out there right away. ( laughs ) Yeah. You could just... Do what you want with that info? Shake: Exactly. What's your name? Abhishek. I go by Shake. You've never dated an Indian girl? Honestly, no. That's funny. I also go for the blonds. Really? I've actually only dated white guys before. We're both brown people that only date white people. ( laughs ) So, what do you do? I'm a veterinarian, actually. I love that. I'm also a house DJ. Oh my gosh. I love music. Shake: If we were to be at a music festival, do you like being on a guy's shoulders? Yeah, you're up for the challenge? You can pick me up? Yeah. But, um, will I have trouble picking you up? Deepti: Actually, that comes off very superficial. Um... Shake doesn't understand how Love Is Blind has to work. The whole point is about finding out who we are as people, not, "Can you carry me?" I mean, right? Like... ( sighs ) ( exhales sharply ) The conversation was so good, I didn't realize where we are. You lost track of time. Literally. How was it? Good? It was good. Yeah. Hi, ladies. Hi. Hey. Hi. Hi. woman 6: How did it go? Oh my God, it went so well. I don't want to stop. ( laughs ) We all came here saying we feel like we're ready for marriage. There are conversations that I was having in seven minutes where I felt like I learned more about that person than some people who I maybe dated for two months. Which is kind of crazy to think about. I met with the funniest guy. I didn't even get his name. He's just a mystery. Mystery man's probably not the one if you can't remember anything about it. You literally made an Excel spreadsheet on your notebook. The algorithm. Danielle and I have the same idea of brunch, and that's something I'm really looking for. I feel like there are gonna be a lot of people that have tops that are gonna be similar. Yeah. I mean, you can tell which ones are outstanding, yeah. Iyanna: Day one was a lot. Immediately, I knew me and Shayne wouldn't be a good fit. ( giggles ) I liked her too. I would be so annoyed by the end of a date. Oh, and then Shake. Shake was another one I was like, "Okay, that's not gonna work." I'm really feeling Nick. I'm feeling Jarrette quite a bit. Jarrette had a really nice voice. Kyle, but he's a little mischievous thing. So I was like, "I don't know." Mmm, he's a troublemaker. I have people that I definitely didn't vibe with. I have people I definitely vibed with, and then I have ten in the middle, that I have no idea. Jarrette: ♪ They really like us They wanna marry us ♪ ( upbeat music plays ) ♪ Steppin' it up And takin' care of business ♪ Thank you, ma'am. Of course. Salvador: I actually do really want this bagel. Kyle: There's three blueberries. Eat 'em sparingly. I burnt myself with a straightener on my forehead. So, I'm trying to cover it, but it's not covering. Guess they don't even see us anyway. So, what's the point? ( chuckling ) It's day two. I've been on a lot of online dates. I have met really weird... Oh, that's so rude to say. One time, I went on a date with a guy who wore jean shorts. He doesn't have my style of dress, and... and I just assumed that it wouldn't go well because we didn't have dress styles in common, which is a silly thing to say, and it's so stupid. It's not gonna help me find the love of my life. Who cares what the love of my life wears, right? At the end of the day, it matters how his personality fits with mine. But jean shorts... ( chuckles lightly ) Hey, wait up. ( laughing ) Wait for me! I think the big pivotal moment for me where I really thought, "I want to find my one, I want to be married" is watching my grandfather take care of my grandmother with Alzheimer's. She can't move, she can't talk. When I saw just the unconditional love and support he gives her, I remember thinking, like, "I want that." I want someone who will love me regardless of the condition I am in or my weaknesses and flaws. I don't want to be at age 80 and be alone and not have experienced that type of love. ♪ We can live our dream ♪ Natalie: Hello. Hello. This is Shayne. Hi. How are you? I'm good. How are you doing? I'm good. Who am I speaking to? Natalie. Oh, Natalie. ( grunts ) Yeah, it's me. Shayne: What a pleasant surprise. I'm so excited I'm talking to you. I remember... I wrote this down in my notes yesterday, but I was like, I think I put a star by your name because I wanted to continue our conversation. Ooh! Look at that! Yeah. The vibe I had for you is, like, it was so easy to talk to you, and it was, like, so smooth and so fluid, and I just liked your energy. I just... I feed off of energy and I feed off of, you know, just, like, I can tell from the tone of people's voices if they're interested, or, you know, it's their personality. Hey, I'm all about it. So, tell me about your jobs. You said you're a consultant, right? Yeah. So, I'm in consulting. Yeah. Not to toot my own horn, but I feel like I'm good at it, so it's a fit, skill-wise. Can I be honest with you? Please toot your own horn much as possible. Honestly, that is the most attractive thing. Like, there's a difference between, like, being cocky and arrogance, but, like... you should be proud of what you've done, and you should be confident in who you are. That's so sexy to me. I'm... Natalie: I know you said you have your own real estate business. So I'm sure you do it a lot more, but, for work events or networking events. I mean, I think it's important that I have a husband that can hold his own. Is that weird to say? I think about, at the end of this, we could have fiancés. Yeah. So it's not even like, "My boyfriend." It's like, "Oh my gosh. My fiancé." We won't be boyfriend and girlfriend. We're going straight to engagement. You're my fiancée. Like... Yeah. I mean, like, the fact I can marry you or someone else... Hold on. Time out. Not someone else. Let's just focus on this guy right here. ( chuckles ) You are my number one. So... Really? You are my number one too. Shayne: Ooh. Look at that. ( chuckles ) ( quietly ) Oh my God. ( singsong ) ♪ This guy is a killer! ♪ ( happy music plays ) What do you like about Natalie? That she liked me. ( cackles ) Shake: That'll help. I'm a words guy, dude. I was her favorite. Nick: And now... And that's... Dude, you give me the words of that, man, I, like, my ego goes through the roof. Like, boom. Shake: I feel ya. ( giggles ) I love the energy I get from people. I just can't sit behind a desk all day and just look at an Excel sheet. Some of these guys are very good at that, but me, I need to be in front of people, feed off of their energy. I feel fantastic. I didn't think my confidence could go higher, but it did. I'm kidding. I'm kidding! ( cackles ) In the dating world, the past couple of years is just... Their idea of flirting is poking fun. Girl goes, "You're Shayne, aren't you?" Instantly knew when I walked in that door. No one has your voice. You sound like Beetlejuice. You called me fսck¡ng Beetlejuice. That's a fսck¡n'... That's a tough one to swallow. You can take it. I think I'm a huge tool, 100%. I own that. That's fine. I get it. At the same time, I have a really kind heart and I really am passionate about just life and who I am. And I feel like there's a lot more to me that, you know, meets the eye. I hope all the girls can see that too. Hello. Who am I speaking to? This Shayne? Is this Shayne? Uh-huh. Yes. Is this Shayne? Shayne: How do you know that? Shayne: Hello? Hello. Shayne: Hi. Hi. Shayne: Who am I speaking to? This is Shaina. Shayne: Hi, Shaina. Is this Shayne? Yes. Hi, Shayne. Is that obvious? ( laughing ) Yeah. Why is that obvious? Your voice. That's what everyone keeps telling me. The only voice I can really diffy-entiate, or whatever the word is, was your voice. Honestly, it's fantastic that I walked in and you already knew who I was. I think physical attraction is definitely important, but when you emotionally connect with that person, they're automatically attractive. I don't care what anybody says. You could be a seven or even a five. If I find them so funny and emotionally attractive and they have such a good heart, they become more physically attractive. So they wouldn't be a five. Like, dude, actually, the average height is 5' 7" for a man. Do you know that? And honestly, I don't want a ten, okay? You don't want all the other women after your man. Okay? Ask any woman. As we get older, we get wiser. ( laughs ) Okay, question. Shayne: What's up? What do you want in a wife? I want self-awareness. Someone very secure of who they are. Definitely. I'm very, very good at reassuring how I feel about someone. We all have our insecurities, but tell me I'm fabulous once in a while, I can walk off feeling happy with my day. Shaina: You'll never have a problem with me doing that. Fantastic. I'm the biggest hype man. It's genuine. Yeah. Even if it's funny sometimes too. Like, "Oh babe, your ass looks good in those jeans!" That'll surprise me and stuff like that too... I think it's important. It's very... People do not... I feel like compliments are so rare these days. I'm huge into it. Especially with people you care about. They just expect, like... People, because of my personality, they assume I get compliments 24/7, and it couldn't be farther from the opposite. Isn't that insane? I agree with you. It is. No, but I believe it too. People don't give compliments anymore. No, they don't. If I came up to you, out of the blue, and said something like, "I love your eyes... the color of your eyes..." Shayne, you'll melt my heart. But it would come off creepy, for some people. Shaina: Not to me. I don't. Lots of girls find it creepy. I just look at the good in people, and why not tell them, you know? That's fantastic. Are you playful? I'm very playful. I could tell you're playful. I think that's important. You're very dynamic, which is good. I am! Listen, I'm... You're never gonna expect what comes out of my mouth next. Shaina: No, it's good. Honestly, this has been a fantastic conversation. I agree, Shayne. ( laughs ) ( uplifting music plays ) Shaina: Right now, I'm kind of digging Shayne. I don't know what he looks like. He just seems like this big teddy bear. You can tell he has such a good heart and, like, Shayne and Shaina? That is so cute. Shayne: I am so fսckеd. ( upbeat music plays ) What type of kisser are you? I'm a tongue to stomach guy. I'm a tongue to your uvula type. How's your sеx drive? High? Low? How often? All right, you really went to it. Oh yeah. Give me a massage? Great massages. I love drunk sеx, hangover sеx. I do everything. Oh really? Mm-hmm. Oh God. I don't know why I get so hоrny when I'm hungover. Me too. ( laughs ) I'm going after you. I'm telling you. ( laughs ) Got it. Well, I really, really like one guy. I'm kind of nervous that he's gonna get vibes from the other guys because the other guys... I think a lot of the other guys like me. A lot of them like me. I don't know. I have a lot of friends. ( chuckles ) You know, some are in serious relationships, some are seeing multiple people. It's really hard for me to really understand why a girl like me doesn't have a boyfriend or a hook-up, or even someone I'm talking to. Scale of one to ten, I'm a catch. I like Nick a lot. But there's another girl that's really interested in him. Is it Holly or Molly? Is the girl's name Holly or Molly? interviewer: Danielle. No, I think it's Holly. Yeah, it's Holly. Or Dolly or Molly. And she said that Nick told her that she's his number one, but she's also tied with another number one. Pretty sure that other number one is me and I felt a little relieved, because I don't think she's that much of a competition compared to me. ( laughs ) interviewer: What do you mean she's not competition? He don't get to see you. I think he knows. I think he could tell. I just started talking sh¡t about everybody else. I probably shouldn't do that. It's probably wrong. I don't think I should tell you guys that I'm doing that. ( laughs ) ♪ I'm a troublemaker ♪ ♪ And I'm coming for you ♪ Trisha: Bye. Good luck. ♪ Troublemaker ♪ Hi. Hey. This is Nick. Who's this? It's Trisha. Nick: Hey, Trisha. Why you guys are all so excited to talk to me? Not trying to sound conceited, but it's like all you guys are going after me. ( laughs ) Trisha: Don't tell 'em I said that. No, I'm not gonna say a word. Whatever you say in these pods, it is safe with me. I'm a locked box. Okay, cool. What do you do on the weekends? It depends. I usually hang out with my friends on Saturday. I like to do yoga. I would love somebody who'd work out with me. It's funny. I have a lot of Instagram followers that see how hard I hit the gym. I think sometimes, like, girls or people get a little intimidated by how much I work out. That they might not be able to keep up. I don't know. Oh wow. Trisha: What are you looking for in a girl? Nick: For me, at the end of the day, if I want to see this person every day, if I'm okay just sitting on the couch, if they're okay sitting with me. I love that. Nick: My biggest critique of dating apps, but just dating in general, is there's this illusion of endless opportunity and endless options. For some reason, I don't really do online apps. Nick: How come? I'm going on dates with these people that, like, I don't know at all. I don't want to, like, waste my time and my calories. ( laughs ) My time and my calories. Wow. As selfish as that is. ( cackles ) Yeah. Holy sh¡t. I'm trying to not visualize anyone in my head, because I'm trying to understand, is this someone I can spend the rest of my life with, or is this someone that I can have, you know, maybe a good time with? And what I really need to do is find someone that is both. I have done so many things in my life that I wanted to do. I'm the first person in my family to graduate college. I have a great career, I have a condo, and the one thing I've been missing is finding someone to share all that with. And that's a really important reason why I'm here. Shayne: What's up? Nick: Oh my gosh. Danielle: Who's the lucky gentleman? ( chuckles ) I was a young girl, actually, probably like sixth grade. I was walking home from school one day, and this guy that I really liked, I was flirting with him, and I heard him turn around and be like, "This girl's fat." It's weird because it was so long ago and I was so young... Let me in! ( chuckles ) ...but now every interaction I have with someone, I'm so scared they'll be like, "Her arms look big, her stomach looks big." I still always will look in the mirror and see that little fat girl. All right. Good luck. You too. ( hopeful music playing ) That's why I'm very excited to see, are people gonna like me for who I am and I'm hoping once they do get to know me, they'll think I'm beautiful, regardless of what my weight might be. Danielle: Hello? Hello. Who is this? This is Nick. Danielle: Hello. How's it going over there? What are you thinking about? I mean... You right now, obviously. Nick: Yeah? I always look forward to talking to you, but then I'm like, "He's gonna forget about me." Why do you think that? Because I'm scared that every other date that you have will go better than ours. ( both chuckle ) I'm an over-analyzer. Nick: Walk me through that. Danielle: Like, there's been a long history of divorce in my family. There is no relationship I've witnessed that has been successful. Nick: Uh-huh. And that's gonna be my fear. Am I going to be following in the footsteps of everyone else in my family? Are your parents still together? Nick: No. They've been divorced since I was five. Danielle: Oh really? Yeah. Danielle: Almost every relationship I've witnessed has ended in divorce. I've been in relationships with a guy who ends up making me feel insecure. I was dating a guy who every time he was laying next to me in bed, he'd scroll through his phone and all I'd see were girls that were, like... You know, like, not me. Nick: Jeez. Danielle: And so, I would get so, like, in my head about that. And growing up, I was a lot heavier. So... Okay. So, I lost 70 pounds. Seventy pounds. Yeah. Wow. But it was like... I didn't even wanna tell you that. I don't like communicating it. I'm so scared people will be like, "What if she gets back to that?" It's something I'm constantly insecure about. ♪ And we were brittle from the start ♪ I have to tell you, like, I was a little chunky when I was a kid. Danielle: Yeah? But really, college was where I... I was, like, getting into health and making sure I work out. I'm not, like, a gym rat, by any means. I'm on the slimmer side of the dad bod. I like the dad bod. ( chuckles ) Nick can't see me. He has no idea I'm not still 200 pounds. He has to trust that he'll love me for who I am because he has no idea what size I am. He doesn't know if I'm still heavier, still overweight. He just knows that I have been heavier. So for someone to pull that story out of me within such a short period of time, it shows how comfortable I am with him and how comfortable he makes me feel. I know. I know. I think your partner needs to be your best friend. Exactly. The number one, most important thing is making sure it's someone you wanna spend every waking second with. Right. I've been in relationships like, "This is my best friend," and I've been in relationships like, "I wouldn't be best friends." That's why I don't feel as passionately about them as someone else, because it doesn't click that way. Right. That's exactly it. My God. I just want to be by you. Danielle laughs: I know. I'm, like, a very touchy-feely person. It's hard for me right now not to be, like... touching when I'm talking to you. Nick laughing: I know. I find myself, like, petting the couch instead. ♪ You've got what I need ♪ ♪ I'ma show it all for the world to see ♪ ♪ Soon ♪ ( uptempo music plays ) woman: Oh. Food? Got it. It's our love language, honey. How many more are you doing? I have four more. Yeah. Joey: It's already burning. Side planks. You wanna face each other? No. Shut up. Stare into each other's eyes? You don't work in the corporate world, you own your own thing. People who work in the corporate world, I feel there's a little brainwash in them. They talk like they're in a TED Talk. You are 1,000% right. I don't like that. There is such a narrow way of thinking. When you're in the corporate world, they'll program your brain where you'll be like, "Guys, you know what?" I do sense a lot of that in there. It's why I'm hyper-aware of all of that. Yeah. I came to Love Is Blind because people are very materialistic. I've been rejected in the past because I don't have that fancy white collar job. I'm a construction worker. I'm kind of rough around the edges. All right. Let's go! I believe the right woman will fall in love with me, because she'll understand my stupid humor and dumb jokes. And the fact that I don't need fancy things. ♪ Let's go! ♪ Kyle: Hello. Shaina gasps: Hi, honey. Kyle: Shaina. ( gasps ) I love how you say my name. Oh, Shaina. Shaina. You say my name very good. Shaina. You probably have the best voice here. ( sucks teeth ) Stop lying. No, I'm serious. ( Kyle gasps dramatically ) With you, it's effortless. Shaina: Really? Kyle: Yeah. You are so cute. ( Kyle laughs ) Shaina: How are you? Kyle: Cut my finger open, I was bleeding everywhere. Shaina: Know what you need to do? Superglue it. Kyle: The Superglue thing is so true. You wanna know where I got it from? My dad. Kyle laughs: "My dad." You making fun of me? Kyle: Yeah. I like when you do that. Kyle: "My dad." ( laughing ) I'm not kidding. Kyle: I know. Shaina: My dad's a contractor and my brothers all work for my dad. Wow. You know my breed. Are you kidding me? After how hard you guys work your asses off? I respect it. I feel we have a bond now. What's my breed? You think I'm rough around the edges? Kyle: Yeah, totally. I'm not. I'm actually like a nurturer. Kyle: I love that about you. Aw. Kyle: "Aw." Here's a good scenario. Shaina: Tell me. Kyle: I work outside and it's fսck¡ng freezing. I'll have dinner made for you. We lay on the couch, I'll rub your feet. That's so sweet. I'm gonna cry a little bit. ( Shaina laughs ) Are you old soul? 100%. It's because of my dad. Me too. Is he your biggest influence? No, my mom is. Your mama? Kyle: Yeah. My mom's the best person in the world. That's how I feel about my mom. Awesome. That means they did something right with you. Aw. Same thing with you. Yeah. Are you ready for marriage? Yeah, definitely. So, I was actually engaged before. Long story short, God said, "No." Kyle: What does that mean? He was honestly, like, very, very, very, very, very controlling. Like, crazy. We called off the wedding, like, 40 days before the wedding. It was probably the craziest time of my life, but I grew a lot. Yeah. And it makes you happier now, right? I'm so free. I now know who I am and what I want. Kyle: And then you met me. ( Shaina laughs ) Touché. Kyle: How about it? Touché, Kyle. ( chuckles ) ( romantic music plays ) Right now, like, my top two are Kyle and Shayne. Kyle, I think he's witty. Probably one of the funniest people I've ever met. But with Shayne, he definitely has that energy that kind of draws you in. Shayne: I'm goin'. And I feel like we do have the same vision for what we would want in a marriage. Shayne: Hello. Shaina: Hello. Shayne: Shaina. Shaina: Hi, Shayne. Shayne: How you doing? Good. Shaina matches my energy, and gets me excited. And never got the vibe that she's judging me. I appreciate that, because my mouth gets me in trouble a lot. Yesterday was more fun and casual, but today I want to, like, get deep. Yeah, let's get into it. You want to? I know you do. Oh yeah. I'm gonna get deep inside of your thoughts right now. Shaina: That sounds very intriguing. Kyle: I'm intense. ( laughs ) Oh my God. I love it. What are you wearing right now? Give me your outfit details. Okay, so I'm actually wearing heels. I'm wearing, like, these cute jogger slacks with a crop top. Oh, I love crop tops so much. Do you love a crop top? I love a crop top. Just enough to tease you a little bit but... Yes! Oh my God, I love it. Okay. So, question. Shayne: What's up? You like making out? I love everything. Okay, so I'm a very sеxual person. Shayne: Yes. So, like, I would ideally like every day. Five times a day, at least... My God! That was my answer before! To who?! Oh my God! Oh my goodness! No, but he was asking me. No. Honey, no. He was asking me, you know what I'm saying? How many? Shayne: Yeah. Honestly, I was like... Like, I'm like, "If you can handle it, let's go all day." You're hilarious. ( chuckles ) I'm the guy that will... We're at a restaurant. Let's go to the bathroom. Let's fսck around, do stuff like that. Hello. I love, like, outdoor stuff. I don't know if you can keep up. That's what I worry about. Don't underestimate me. You have no idea. Is there a way to elaborate, or you gonna keep me going to bed now just dreaming... I'm gonna keep you dreaming. Oh my God. It's not fair. This wall needs to go away right now. I'm at this point where it's like dating two people, and I'm getting serious feelings. With Shaina, it's flirty fun, like sexiness. It is a roller coaster of emotions. With Natalie, it feels way more emotionally stimulating. There is playfulness in it, but there's also a good balance of, like, seriousness too. ( relaxing music plays ) Do you think that you're ready for marriage? Shayne: I think about that all the time, because my father passed away a few months ago. Natalie: Oh my gosh. That's so tough. I'm so sorry. ( somber music plays ) I don't remember the last conversation I had with him. So it was very difficult to process that and everything, but it made me stop and realize that life is short and this is what I want. And I'm ready to find someone and commit to someone because I want my mom to see my wedding. I want my mom to have grandchildren and I want her to be able to be a part of that, and see that. I'm looking for someone that's gonna challenge me and make me a better person. I see it in my brother and his fiancée, and I want that euphoria you get from providing for someone, and just having someone by your side. That is so important to me. And I can't wait to have that. That's so nice to hear. I'm glad you said that. I'm right there with you. Your honesty gives me affirmation that this is a true and good connection. Oh my gosh. I'm stumbling over my words. It's fine. There's also something about your voice. I can't pinpoint it, but I just feel really good about this. There's a heart with your name right in the middle of my notebook. I autographed it, number one. ( laughs ) I love talking to you. You already know that. Yeah. I think it's times like these where I feel like, "Was this fate?" If that makes sense. This is the start of everything. Yeah. I... Shayne laughs: I got you, girl. I'm on cloud nine. I'm smiling all the time. Like, there's an extra step in my skip. No, that's not right. Everything feels so right. The things I didn't know were missing in my life, he fulfills it. It actually grosses myself out. Like, who am I? ( pop music plays ) ♪ I can't get enough of you ♪ God had a plan. Brandon: So, things are copacetic? Yes. She's number one. Look at that. I know. I had all six. Lights out. ( laughs ) It's lights out. Shayne's my guy. I'm so happy. I am literally obsessed. Deepti: Wait, why? What happened? I've thought about him this entire time and he just validated it. I feel like this is it. women: Aww! woman 1: Yay! women: Aww. So cute! Oh my God. Natalie: He put my name on his notebook. Like, on the front page. What? And has been telling guys, "It's gonna be Natalie." Wait, what's his last name? Oh, I don't know. Shaina: Everyone's dating everybody, but, right now, I need Shayne to tell me what he wants. I know. The future Mrs. Shayne. Natalie: You're all invited to the wedding. ♪ I can't get enough of you ♪ ♪ You're so crazy confident ♪ ♪ You're everything I could want ♪ Shayne: Hello. Shaina: Hello. Shayne: Hi. Shaina: Hi. I heard you proposed today, basically. What? Shaina: To Natalie. Are you sold on one person here? One woman already? ( tense music plays ) I'll be honest with ya. I just wanna keep talking to you and I wanna keep getting to know you more. I'm processing it, by the way, if I'm quiet. This whole process, I believe is, like, why not just see it out? Anyways... Anyways... ( Shayne laughs ) What are you wearing over there? I'm in this cute little matching set. Like, high-waisted shorts with this crop top, and I have this big flannel over it. ( sighs ) ( laughs ) That's so sexy. ( sensual music plays ) Can I wear your flannel? Oh yeah. You can wear it in the bedroom, though. Of course. ( sighs ) Oh my God, dear Lord. ( laughing ) ( sensual music continues ) ( sighs ) ( chuckles ) ♪ Everything is fine I'm looking on the brighter side ♪ Are you drinking alcohol yet? No. Want to start together. I didn't want to do it alone. Who took the Champagne? ♪ I'm looking on the brighter side ♪ ( Shayne sighs ) Maybe I'll have that breakfast burrito. Dude, give me half of it. You wanna do it? Can I have half? I'm gonna deconstruct that breakfast burrito. ( groans ) Danielle: This is such a crazy experiment and I'm feeling so much so quickly. Where, like, I've never been with someone who I wholeheartedly trust in every single way. With Nick, from every single hour since we met has been talking and getting to know each other, and it's almost as if we knew each other, like, our entire lives, but we just met a couple days ago. I have a boyfriend and I don't know what he looks like. It's strange. And he's, like, two feet away. You literally have a woman over there. The ball is in your court. I know. I'm taking the fսck¡ng ball. I decided two days ago, it was Danielle. And I am all in, and I'm gonna tell her. Have fun! women: Ooh! ♪ I'm looking on the brighter side ♪ Nick: Being with Danielle makes me feel calm, content, and I think the connection that we built is so strong, and it's unique in so many ways. But I really attribute it to the fact that we've been able to dive in and spend hours and hours and hours getting to know one another in a way that takes months, if not years, in the real world. Danielle: I love farmers markets. Nick: I love them too. Oh my gosh. Let's go. Yeah. They're so much fun to go with someone to, rather than by yourself. It's so much more fun. Perfect. That's on the bucket list. Okay. We've got that. Gotta do a bike ride. Oh yeah. Yeah. If someone else is feeling an emotion, I feel it. Same here. I dated someone a while back, like, five years ago, and she kind of, like, would tell me that my empathy was a weakness. That's... I mean, I think that's a toxic trait for her to think that. Nick: Oh, totally. Because, I, like, I love empathetic people. Me too. Yeah. And I can relate to them in a way that I can't relate to most people. I guess it's probably the same for you? No, exactly. Yeah. I have so many different groups of friends. I think part of the reason is because of that. That's so funny. I'm the same way. Did we talk about having kids? I want to have kids, but I wanna make sure that we're able to travel... Same. Spend time together before... Yeah. Exactly. ...we spend time with the family. I don't wanna put a timeline on it. I feel like you'll feel when you're ready. That's how I feel too. Yep. Nick: I thought about you so much yesterday after we left. There's just some... Like, last night, I could not get you out of my mind. I'm like that. I'm in the same exact way. I think we're at a place where we already know what the other's thinking without saying it. It's weird and that's why, like... I've seen so many relationships, like, something always has to happen. So, I'm like, something bad is gonna happen. Why do I cry so easily? It's okay. I'm emotional. It's okay. I wish I could hug you. Danielle: I know. I cry very easily. When I'm happy, when I'm sad. When I'm mad. So, that's all I got. Nick: That's okay. I like that. You're sensitive. Be you. I like you. Here's what I want you to do. Did you open your Ring Pop? No, I did not. Open your Ring Pop. I hope it's sized correctly. Put that on your ring finger. I will. Imagine it's a princess cut. ( Danielle laughs ) Danielle: Yes. I'm so happy. Like, you make me happier than... I don't know, I ever have been. I've never been in any sort of relationship where I haven't had reservations, or I haven't felt the kind of anxiety that I typically feel, and that's what's, like... It's so weird and I don't believe it because I don't know, like... This is what you do. You mess things up by creating scenarios that don't exist. Like, I don't deserve you. Nick: Stop. Don't ever think that. Yeah. Nick: We're gonna be partners, and be in this together. It's you and me. I love her strength to share some of her insecurities. And I trust her completely. I'm not afraid to tell her anything. I'm an acquired taste. I kind of act in an acquired taste kind of way, and I've never felt like this. And it just seems to me like that connection is so powerful that I can't imagine a life without her, and we never have actually seen one another. That's just so crazy. It's just mind-blowing. ♪ Be my one and only one ♪ Nick: How are you? Danielle: Good. How are you feeling? Feeling really good. Danielle: Your gift's in here. Nick: I know. When I first met you, I was very attracted to your energy. Then, as I got to know you, and I got to know your story, and I got to know what makes you tick, and why you are the way you are, and why you think the way you think, and feel the way you feel, I felt connected to you in a way that I don't know if I've ever really felt before. Yeah. Nick: And we talked about coming from families where we didn't have an ideal marriage to look at, and we talked about how we could write our own story. And now, if you wanna open the gift... This is the start of our story, where we meet in these pods and we don't get to see each other. But this is where it begins for us. The rest of that book, it's empty and we can fill it with memories and adventures of everything that a marriage can be. ( Danielle sniffles ) ♪ Yet I still got the power to hold you ♪ I'm on one knee. ( crying ) Oh no. And I'm asking you if you will marry me. ( exhales shakily ) ( laughing ) Yes. Oh my God. ♪ And I still got the power to hold you ♪ I'm gonna hug the wall right now. Oh my God. I want to hug you so bad. Yes. Oh my God. Yes. I'm literally... Stand against the wall and hug me back. ( sniffling ) I'm gonna cry. I can't wait to marry you. Danielle: I know. ( laughs ) Danielle: I'm so happy. Like, I genuinely am in love and I think that he is too. And this experiment makes me feel like it was meant to be. It's starting to sound like a fairy tale. Knowing how anxious I get all the time, and, like, how calm I felt today, and how happy I was today, and not having a care in the world other than looking forward to seeing you. Like, I've never had that in any relationship or situation. Like, with work, with nothing. And I am the kind of person who's constantly second-guessing myself, and then second-guessing why someone wants to be with me. And now I don't have to do that because I know exactly why. And I'm gonna make sure you always know. I typically don't trust the words that are coming out of people's mouths, but I trust every single thing that you say. Fully. I wanna see you so bad right now. That's what's so hard. I need to hug something. ( both laughing ) I love you. I love you. ( Danielle chuckles ) ♪ We're gonna give it all right now ♪ ♪ We're gonna take it up to the sky ♪ ♪ We got the love... ♪ We're engaged. ( laughs ) It's so great, babe. ♪ We got the love ♪ Danielle: Love you. Nick: Love you too. ( laughs ) I know. ( happy music playing ) Look at how cute this is. Are you engaged? Yeah. ( all shouting excitedly ) ( men clapping ) All right! Yeah! Wedding day... Oh my God! You're engaged! Oh my God! ♪ I'll meet ya halfway 'Cause I'm already halfway ♪ Aloha. Every time I talk to Shayne, I feel just so confident and so overwhelmingly happy. Like, my gut is just saying, "I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him." I truly feel like he's the one. Hello. Natalie: Hi. Who am I talking to? I don't know. Take a guess. No, the... Oh, Shaina. There you go. What? That's who I was hoping for. What are you wearing over there? ( deflating tone plays ) Hello? Hello? Shaina, stop. It's Natalie. Of course. ( tense music plays ) I'm sorry. Are you okay? Are you good? Like, what... Do you think I'm a dіck or what? I mean... If you think I'm a dіck, I feel like that's kind of weird. No offense, but... ( tense note plays ) Natalie, you're talking to other people too, right? Are you not? Hello? Hello? Hello? Natalie: Yeah, I'm here. I'm just thinking. Why? I just feel, like, a little bit led on. For real? Yeah. Kind of. How so? If you want to explore another connection, then don't talk about, like, what we're gonna do in Chicago and, like, all this stuff. Like, don't say that. Shayne: So I'm gonna be honest with you, because I'm trying to give everyone an open mind going into our conversations. I don't ever wanna make you feel bad, but I'm here to, like, try to, like, find my wife. I'm giving everything I have to it. I'm a very passionate person. I have to talk to other people. I was just hurt because I've been very clear that I have strong feelings for you and clearly you have feelings for her and that's fine. But don't lead me on and just be honest... I'm not leading you on. I'm not trying to lead you on whatsoever. You're on the cover of my book with a heart on it, for Christ's sake. You're my number one. I want you to know that. I'm here for the right reasons... I'm not doubting you're here for the right reasons, but don't, like, feed me bullshit. ( emotional music plays ) Shayne: This is not fair. It's not fair at all. Can I finish? I'm put in this position. It's like... This is not normal, what we're going through. Why am I getting, I guess, beat up about it? It's like... This is the whole experience. I don't wanna make you feel like you're being beat up. I'm not trying to come after you at all. I'm trying to understand, truly. I don't want you to be mad or frustrated... I'm very frustrated because I don't know how much more reassurance I can give you. What I'm trying to figure out is if you think this is going anywhere. ( Shayne inhales, sighs deeply ) If... this little hiccup is, like, that big of a deal, and that changes everything, then maybe this is not what we thought it was, I guess. ♪ I'm afraid that they'll see Right through me like diamonds ♪ ♪ See my shame Cutting right through all the silence ♪ I'm just done with this whole situation right now. I'm gonna leave. It's not worth it for me being here anymore. ♪ I can't pretend that I'm free now ♪ ♪ So don't dare... ♪ ( grunts ) Shayne: fսck. ♪ I'm afraid that they'll see Right through me like diamonds ♪ ♪ See my shame Cutting right through all the silence ♪ What happened? I don't even want to be here anymore.
( pop music playing ) ( machine beeps ) ( indistinct chattering ) Nick: Can you hear me? Vanessa: I got you. Is this how they hear each other? What a trip. If we went to a music festival, would I be able to carry you on my shoulder? ( laughing ) No! Now you had me give you my laugh. ( Nick laughs ) Vanessa: And if we were in a pod, you would have... ( laughing ) I mean, if all I heard was that voice, I would definitely wanna boink you. ( laughing ) Oh, my gosh, just on my voice? ( laughs ) Just on your voice. Okay. See if I can change my voice. Hello. It sounds like you're trying too hard. Vanessa: Hey, babe. Yeah, that's good. ( laughs ) I'm definitely into it. I've got my reunion dress on. The one with the sequins? Vanessa: Yes, the one with the sequins. ( laughs ) Should we tell them? Nick: Yeah. Let's tell them about the reunion. Ready? Yes! I am. I'll see you out there. Nick: Do it! This season for the first time ever, the Love Is Blind reunion is coming at you from the actual stage of Love Is Blind. That's right. We got more behind-the-scenes, more guests and more surprises than ever before. Hey, ladies, you almost ready? Vanessa! We were born ready. The better question is, are they ready? Johnny: Who would have thought? What's up, fellas? How's it feeling? Go easy on us, Nick. ( laughing ) That's right. All of your favorites from the season six pods will be returning today, but that's not all. Oops! Sorry. We should put locks on these doors. Brennon: This is our pod! For the first time ever, we'll also be joined by several former Love Is Blind participants. Hey, Brett, Tiffany. Hey, Nick. ( chuckles ) Some things never change. Well, we're ready for you. Okay. Be there in a second. Well, I know we've all got a lot of questions for everyone here. So I say, let's go ahead and get to it. I can't wait, but first, come on with me. There's something I've always wanted to do. Come on, guys, I gotta show you! Hey, there. Hello. Nick exhales: I'm excited for this. This is gonna be good. Vanessa laughs: Whoo! ( exhales ) So nervous. It's exciting. Okay, I can't wait to get out there. Let's do this! Let's go! Let's go! ( laughing ) ( cheering ) Vanessa: Hi, everybody! ( pop music playing ) Nick: What's up? Hi! Oh, my gosh! ( speaks indistinctly ) ( laughs ) Hey! Hi! Hi. Hello! Nick: Welcome, guys! Welcome, everyone, to the Love Is Blind reunion! Wow! What do you think? Should we bring our friends from season six out here? ( cheering ) Yeah? You guys sure? Yes. All right! Come on out, guys! woman: Oh! Oh! ( all cheering ) ( pop music playing ) woman 2: Yeah! woman 3: Oh, my God! woman 4: Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Whoo! woman 5: Oh, my God! woman 6: Oh, my God! Whoo! woman 7: Whoo! Whoo! ( laughing ) ( cheering ) Welcome, everyone. Thank you so much for joining us here today. We're so excited to have you guys and to see some familiar faces. Nick: Yeah! Yes. Hi, everyone. Welcome, guys. Good to see everybody. Vanessa: We're gonna catch up with you in a bit, because two of you have a very big announcement to share. Don't worry. We'll get to that later on. Nick: Oh, yes! Everybody, get your EpiPens ready. ( laughing ) Get 'em ready. Thank you, Jessica, for that one. ( Nick laughs ) You are gonna be in disbelief over what we have in store for you tonight. And don't worry, we'll be addressing every single scandal that has been gripping you over the past few weeks. So what do you guys say we get this started? Are you ready? ( cheering ) Nick: All right. AD, help me out on this one. Pick a number between one and 15. Four. Four? Vanessa: Four's already been asked. Nick: No. Vanessa: We are teasing. What color are your nails? Are you not painting them red anymore? Listen, no red flags over here. Nick: Okay. At least not tonight. No red flags. Not right now. Nick: Well, we have lots of questions, of course, for AD to come, including what happened with Clay after the altar, and has she met up with Clark Kent? Oh! Vanessa: Also, I can't wait to see the receipts of Matthew's dates with AD and Amber, and did he really say the same thing to both of them? Nick laughs: But first, let's check in with our season six lovebirds, Johnny and Amy. How are you guys? ( cheering ) Johnny: We're good. Vanessa: Doing good? Nick: Well, you look fantastic tonight. Look at her, she looks great! ( laughs ) And he looks sexy. Vanessa: Both of you guys. Your wedding was so touching. It was a moment that Nick and I... we were laying in bed watching it. When you were standing there before you walked down the aisle with your dad and your brother, I was getting choked up, but I looked over and he... Tears are coming down his face. We love how important family is to you guys, and we just wanna know, to this day, are your families still close? Do you still do things together with each other's families? Oh, yeah. Our families talk all the time. I mean, my dad calls his dad all the time. We've traveled together. We've gone to visit his family. We went to France with my family together. Christmas, we spent that in Charlotte. With my family. We got some photos. ( Amy laughs ) Johnny: Yeah. Vanessa: Christmas in Charlotte. Oh, my gosh! That's a real family photo! Nick: I like the pigtails, buddy. The JCPenney photoshoot was probably one of the best things ever. It was iconic. Um... Definitely recommend everyone does that. And try to get in the most awkward positions as possible. Amy: I know it looks like we worship our men. But in reality, they are worshiping us. ( laughing ) Amy: They worship the ground we walk on. Nick: Not your average family photos. You know, guys, it's really what family's all about, right? Family fun, those are the memories that you're gonna hang onto forever. You guys continue to show why you are absolutely perfect for one another. So congrats again on your marriage. Great to see you guys. Thank you so much. Stories like yours are the heart of this life-changing experience. Now over the past six seasons, we have had the unique pleasure of watching so many hopeful singles meet their spouses from behind a wall. Nick: Eleven couples have ended the experiment by choosing to say "I do," and nine of those couples are still married to this very day. Honestly, that's a pretty extraordinary number. Really, really cool. So tonight, we are thrilled to catch up with some of the Love Is Blind family right here in person, but first we wanna take a quick look back at their love journeys. Aww! Nick: Welcome to Love Is Blind! ( cheering ) ( laughing ) woman 8: Hello. Cameron. woman 9: Can you see anything? What are you looking at? It looks like a scene from Frozen. My name is Micah. Best voice I've heard so far! ( laughing ) Chelsea 1: I love our beautiful slow rumble roll. It has been one of the most beautiful things I've ever been a part of and been witness to. You're cute. Chelsea 1: Beautiful. ( both laughing ) I wanted you to know, I'm completely in love with you. ( laughs ) Like, you're 100% my lobster. You're my person. I love you too. Never in a million years did I think I was gonna find love out of this. Will you marry me? Oh, my God. Yes. I will be your wife. Zack: I believe there is nobody in this world who I'm meant to be with... ( shouts ) Zack: ...more than you. Will you marry me? Yeah. ♪ Me and you... ♪ ( laughing ) ♪ Me and you... ♪ Oh, my God! Johnny: We were cute together. Amy: Yeah. ( laughing ) You're so tall! ( singer vocalizing ) woman 10: He is one of the best people I've met in my life. You're really lucky, Brett. I love you. woman 11: You're getting married! woman 12: They're so cute! ( women cheering ) Chelsea 1 sniffles: I can just see myself walking down the aisle to my husband in this dress. Zack: I love you so much, Bliss. ( laughs ) I do. I do. I now pronounce you married! ( laughing ) ( crowd cheering ) both: We are married! ( shouts ) Lick it off. ( shouts ) You're my husband. How does that feel? Amazing. I love you so much. I love you so much too. ( laughs ) ( cheering ) ♪ Me and you ♪ Nick: Yeah! Awesome. Welcome, everyone. Kwame and Chelsea. ( all cheering ) Vanessa: Tiffany and Brett. Colleen and Matt. Alexa and Brennon. Plus Micah, Izzy and Gigi! ( cheering ) ( laughing ) Yes, Gigi! Gigi: Yeah! Great to see you. First off, congratulations. Oh, thank you, darling. Nick: Very much in order. I look different since you last saw me. Nick: You look beautiful. Introduce us to your man here. Yeah, so this is my partner and the father of my baby. ( laughs ) Blake Horstmann. Say hi to Love Is Blind, Blake. Hello, everyone. Nick: What's up, Blake? Good to be here. ( laughs ) It's good to have you here. So you guys are expecting a baby boy. Is that right? A baby boy. I'm hoping it looks just like him. Chelsea 1: Aww! I don't think you could go wrong. Oh, thank you. Nick: Is there a name that you guys have picked out that you feel comfortable sharing with us today? So, we're waiting until he pops out. And I don't know if he's gonna be a little, like, fair skin and blue-eyed like him or a little bit spicier like me. So I just wanna see what he looks like. I mean, a lot of things already have his name on it, like my bracelet. So I'm hoping that this is the one. ( laughs ) Is the bracelet with his name on it the spicy name or the Blake name? The Blake name. ( laughing ) We're so happy for your love and that you found your person. I actually had Perfect Match lined up. I was gonna hang out with you. And I ended up just falling in love and not doing that. So it's been a journey. It's been a different path. But it all started here. Vanessa: Yeah! Perfect Match's loss is certainly Blake's gain. Amen, amen, amen. Nick: You guys are a stunning couple. So congrats again. Thank you, guys. Thank you for sharing. Absolutely. Wouldn't have happened without this mess. Vanessa: Yeah. Well, let's get into it. So let's get into it. Nick: Let's move on to someone who had a little trouble deciding on their person. Jeramey, aloha. How's it going? Nick: Digging the shirt. Jeramey: Yeah. Nick: I live in Hawaii. So I can say "aloha" and not feel bad about it. I figured we'd go full send on this. Nick: It's been a year since you and Laura ended things. So how is your love life today? Are you seeing anyone? Uh, it's been going well, and yes, I am seeing someone. Funny you should mention that. She actually is here today. Guys, should we bring her out? all: Yes. The current flame in Jeramey's life? Let's bring her on out. Oh, my God. Nick: Let's please welcome Sarah Ann to the show. ( pop music playing ) woman 13: Oh, not the kiss. Nick: Right. woman 14: Awkward! ( laughing ) Vanessa: Hi, Sarah Ann. Sarah Ann: Hello. ( chuckles ) Have you been together ever since you rode off into the sunset on jet skis? We have, yeah. We've been dating for almost a year now. We live together. Vanessa: You live together. Nick: Okay. Vanessa: All right, well, we have lots of questions for you two, but first, Laura has shared her location with us. ( laughing ) Vanessa: She is in Barcelona, Spain, for work. But we actually have her on Zoom. all: Aww! So, please welcome Laura! ( all cheering ) Nick: Laura! Do we clap? Hmm? Do we clap? ( chuckles ) No. Nick: How have you been? How are you? Everything good? I'm good. Yeah, all good. Wish so badly I could be there in person, but work always comes first. So, Jeramey, we're sitting here with one woman you've been engaged to, one woman you're currently living with, and sounds like have been for a while. Yet, there's a third woman whose mother went on social media and said that you two were actually engaged while you were applying for this experiment. So, what do you have to say about that claim? Uh, yeah, I can actually address that one pretty directly. It's not true. So, what had happened is, yes, I was previously engaged. Everybody I dated was well aware of that. Um, I had mentioned, yes, sold my house. And I did go ahead and apply after I was out on my own, doing my own thing. Got approached to do it and decided to move forward at that point. Nick: Okay. So, Laura, how does that sound to you? Um, in the pods, he did mention that he had a fiancée before. Vanessa: Did he mention one to you? Yeah. Well, there's another burning question directed to Jeramey that we wanna know. Why did you lie about your location after you shared it with Laura? Like, did you not think that the little button would continue to move... ( laughing ) ...and follow you? Did you leave it in your car and you had an Apple Watch? Like, what is... Okay. No, I can address that too. I shared my location before I left the house. Nothing inappropriate happened. We did hang back and continue to talk afterwards. The only time I was ever at Sarah Ann's house is when I went to go drop her off. Vanessa: But the question was just, "Why would you leave your location on and then lie about it?" ( laughing ) Uh, I don't... I... I didn't intentionally lie about that. I did share my location. Vanessa: Then forget? Jeramey: No. Honestly, I'm convinced that had I not woken up, he never would have admitted talking to her or going to her house, in any way shape or form. Sarah Ann was actually telling other people the exact same lie. They corroborated together that they never left the parking lot. So, to clarify, when I got back to the townhouse, Laura was asleep. I stayed downstairs until I heard her getting up, and then instantly went up the stairs to tell her Sarah Ann and I had had a conversation. "Here's what happened." That's not true. Once I saw his car get on the highway, I heard him come home and purposely stay in the living room. Which let's just all call that for what it is. Um, I then woke up at 9:30, ten o'clock. He came in. He was kind of stumbling around his words. So I was, like, "Where were you?" He wouldn't answer straight up. And I just knew. I knew he had seen her. And, I mean, I freaked out. For him to go meet her behind my back, I just knew it was sketchy. You were not waiting for me when I got home. I came upstairs. I told you what happened. I'll admit my fault on the other part... Laura: True. I didn't say I was waiting up. I should've been on the front porch waiting for your ass at 6:00 a.m. You said I was laying in my bed. ( cheering ) ( Laura continues indistinctly ) Jeramey: I'll take my lumps for what I actually did, but I'm not gonna have it continue to be painted to be worse than that. I'm not gonna do that. I'll own that. You've never taken accountability. You've never taken accountability. You've never, like, flat-out apologized. You're a clown. You're sitting there, lie after lie. I never apologized? You should relax, calling someone a clown when you told him sh¡t about me in the pods the entire time, saying that I'm a pick-me girl? You're the pick-me girl. You're the pick-me! You're the pick-me! Don't start. You saw me crying with my heart broken. Jessica: I'll have my moment! You saw me crying with my heart broken. Are you happy with the way it turned out? Yes, I'm very happy. Just like you said you would. Okay, let's let it go. Like you said you would. Laura: You are a pick-me girl. Nick: Okay! You're not a girl's girl ever. Just let it go. Nick: Jeramey continues to maintain that he was just talking with Sarah Ann until 5:00 in the morning. I'm curious to hear what you all think. Are you buying that story? I got enough on my plate. ( laughing ) That's Jeramey. Nick: Trying to stay out of the way? I'mma just sit here. I've never stayed up till 5:00 a.m. just chatting. Sarah Ann: You saw me staying out and getting walked out on by Matt. Is it that shocking that I was talking till 5:00 in the morning? Everybody knows I can talk. It's not that shocking. He was never invited into my house. Vanessa: Sarah Ann. Sarah Ann. Did y'all kiss? No, absolutely not. No. Vanessa: Okay. Nick: So, Laura, what do you think hearing this? They continue to maintain they just talked till 5:00 a.m. What are your thoughts? I don't care what they did till 5:00 a.m. I think they're both disgusting. ( laughing ) Vanessa: She said they're what? Nick: Disgusting. When do you think you started to question if Jeramey was really the one for you? Laura: I mean, sure, I started having my doubts. You know, we started bumping heads a little, but at no point was I thinking, "I'm not gonna get married." Jeramey and I literally every day had a check-in with each other on what our percentages are, whether we're 80%, eight out of ten, 85% gonna get married. And it never dropped below that. So to go from spending all day with my family and then to disrespecting me, staying out with another woman till 6:00 a.m. the same night? He had told her that night when they stayed out together that he was gonna break up with me. So he spent all day with my family, all day telling me how much he loved me, kissed me goodbye as he went to the bar. Went out that night, met up with Sarah Ann, talked to her. The conversation was so good that he decided he just had to end his relationship right then. Jeramey: I know what you're referring to. Laura: That's what your girlfriend said. Exactly. Nick: So, Sarah, DMing Jeremy coming out of the pods was obviously somewhat of a controversial move this season. We actually have some never-before-seen footage of you and Laura speaking about it at the lake party. Let's take a look at that clip. Sarah Ann: I'm here to take everything, and I want you to unload it on me and give me... No, seriously, I really do, because I think you deserve that. I do wanna talk to you about the message that I sent, because I know that that came across so disrespectful to you. And I am sorry if I hurt you in any way. I really am. Because I don't want you to think that I came to ruin your relationship. I was just very... I didn't get off my chest what I needed to. Yeah. He obviously was saying things to me. "I've only told you this" and blasé blah and whatever. Like, I needed closure, but I didn't know how to do that. And then I thought, if they're not married just yet, should I just send the message now? I'm not gonna lie. I was in the real world while you guys were there, and I was kind of heartbroken, and I was just, like, "I'm gonna send it and get it off my chest and move on." That's really what the intent was, and I hope you know that. And the whole, like, "If anything changes let me know." Like, I was, like, "You know, hey, if it does change, I want you to know I would love the opportunity to get to know you." I know you read the message. Yeah, yeah. I didn't send the message going, "I hope she doesn't see this." I sent it thinking, "That's his fiancée. They're probably both gonna react." And I thought what I knew about you, 'cause I adore you. I was thinking, "Laura is a grown, strong woman." She's gonna be like, "I'm in this situation, and that's valid for her, but I still have him." I thought about it differently, and I shouldn't have. And I assumed, and I'm sorry. You're fine. No, I really, like, appreciate you even bringing it up. Do I think the message was disrespectful? I do. I did. I was like, as a woman-to-woman... But I was like, at the end of the day, he made the commitment to me, not her. He got down on one knee. He said he chose me. He was gonna protect my heart forever. Right. And that was it. And I remember asking him when he did. I was like, "Is there a world where, like, I turned you down or I went another road to where you proposed to Sarah Ann?" And he said, "Absolutely not." But, babe, the way that he's handled himself since then. I don't believe him. Really? I don't believe a single word he says. I think he was a literal fսck¡ng clown robot in the pods. And, like, who he said he was and how he handled the situation and how he conducts himself as a man and a human being, he hasn't shown me an ounce of that since we've been out of the pods. Really? You think he's an all-talk... 100%. Once you're in the situation... There is a part of me, which I voiced to him. There's a part of me that's like, "Are you... confused still?" He's, like, "No, no, no." But I'm like, "Now I'm talking to you." I'm, like, "Is he in all aspects?" Just be careful, babe. Like, the guy, as far as I'm concerned, is not who he said he was. To say that, like, you love me as much as you do and, like, I was it no matter what, and to throw you fսck¡ng under the bus continuously, like, it's... Yeah. The guy likes attention. Since that night happened last Saturday, all he's been fսck¡ng talking about is his image and how he looks worse than Jimmy. So I don't know why the fսck he came on this show, but it sure as fսck wasn't for a marriage or for fսck¡ng love. 'Cause he's not ready for that. Sarah Ann: Wow. I am literally blindsided at who this person said that he was. Yeah. And, like, just watch yourself. ( laughing ) ( laughs ) I don't know what the Jimmy context was about. I appreciate the strays. Jeramey laughs: Sorry about that, Jimmy. Vanessa: So, you kind of got dragged into that conversation. Jimmy: Yep. I'm sure that was a surprise for you. I'm dragged into every conversation, it feels like. Vanessa: What do you think Laura meant by saying Jeramey was worried he'd look as bad as you? I remember me having a really tough decision. I'm sitting here in the pods. I'm like... for days, hours, it felt like. I remember all the other guys, Ken, everybody else picked me up that day. Jeramey said, "At least I can sleep knowing Jimmy's the villain." When I had a decision to make and everybody else was picking me up, that was the words you left me with. Okay. Nick: That's true? I don't recall saying that, but if I did say that, I was... Jimmy: Was on your mind. You're still talking about me in your relationships. That's how you viewed me. Jeramey: I understand that, and if I did say that to you, I'm sorry for saying that, 'cause it was not meant to be anything serious. That's fair. Do you feel a little burned by that? Jimmy: It is what it is. Jeramey is the least of my concerns right now. ( laughs ) ( laughing ) I am sorry for saying that. Well, AD, you had some choice words... AD: A few. ...for Sarah Ann at the lake party. We all had a chance to see that. What did you think of Sarah Ann's apology to Laura just now? I mean... ( sighs ) I feel like it's null and void. I don't think it matters. You still pursued him. You still went after him. So, sorry for what? Mm-hmm. Vanessa: Sarah Ann, at that lake party that we keep referencing, there was a bit of an icy reception from the women in this group. How does your relationship with them stand today? I don't talk to any of the women. That's because she liked to unfollow us and still follow our fiancés at the lake day, which I thought strange. audience: Oh! ( laughing ) This is, like, a lot. ( laughs ) Sarah Ann: You iced me out of a chat. Chelsea 2: Nobody was mean to you. Sarah Ann: You guys iced me out of a group chat. I removed you from the group chat. And you know what, Jess? You saw me crying after he broke up with me. I said, "I feel gaslighted." And I was heartbroken. And you watched me bawl my eyes out, and you defended him. Not me. You were never a girl's girl ever, honey. And you sat there and told me that I'm not a girl's girl? You're not! That's why you got removed. You watched me bawl my eyes out. Being the loudest in the room does not make you the most noticeable. I'm not trying to be loud. It's not about that. I'm always loud. Jessica: So take your moment and then I'll speak. ( Nick exhales ) Jessica: No one could empathize with your situation more than I could. Honestly. Truly. And I think we can all agree, everyone's feelings are valid, and we're all entitled to having them. We just, as a group, we all thought both of you could have handled the situation more respectfully. Absolutely. Simply just show some consideration. Just curious if any of you have seen Jeramey in the subsequent time. Vanessa, Nick: Since the show. Oh, yeah. ( laughing ) Vanessa: Okay. Every time I see him, they're broken up. Yeah. audience: Ooh! Nick: You said they're broken up? Chelsea 2: They're broken up every time I see 'em. Vanessa: When have you see them? Jeramey: I've seen her one time. I've seen you one time since... I've seen you twice. I asked if you were still with Sarah Ann, and you said no. When... okay. We have gone through real life relationship stuff since we have been together. Have we had our ons and offs? Yes, we've had our ons and offs. We've had our ups and downs. We've had times where we've contemplated separating from each other. We've had times we've had to make up in order to make that happen. And at the end of it, we ended up moving in together. October. So there's some missing, like, story in that part of it. Like, we've had our ups and downs, but we did realize fighting through things continuously, that we do love each other. We wanted to support each other through this whole process itself. And since we've been there, I'm not gonna say everything's been perfect, but we're still fighting for that every day. Okay, well, Sarah Ann, I have to ask you about something else that happened fairly recently. You did a video, uh, that appears to show you living in Jeramey's home. Even if you did that inadvertently, people online have said you spoiled the storyline for them. You gave away the ending, because you showed that you were clearly with Jeramey in his home, which they've seen previously in the season. When I posted the video, I actually... I guess to the magnitude of the internet, I never really could understand that people really do become the FBI and pause things. Oh, yeah. That's where I reside. Fans are sleuths. They're, like, "I know that painting." When I posted, it wasn't to spoil anything. That wasn't my intention at all. ( laughing ) Well, while we're talking about things that have been put out online. I have to ask you about something else. You posted a video saying, and I quote, "This is reality television." "It's meant to entertain you, and that's exactly what we're doing." "We didn't miss with this one, baby," end quote. ( laughing ) Let's look, so everyone has the context. Oh, God. They're calling everybody out. I love it. This is a reality television. It is meant to entertain you, and I think that's exactly what we're doing. We didn't miss with this one, baby. We didn't miss! So, be very, very clear about this right now, was this all just for entertainment? I will say this, that I fell in love with who Jeramey is as a person. We've had a strong connection since the very beginning of this experiment, okay? And I don't think for a second that anything between us is fake. To throw out there so casually, "This is entertainment. We didn't miss." That's where the disconnect is happening. The reason I put the video up is, I'm experiencing a ton of hate on the internet, and I'm just a character, you know? There's never an interview of me talking about how I feel about this man at all. And that's unfortunate because there was a lot of heartfelt conversations. But I think that they didn't air all that because he had picked Laura. Of course, of course, yeah, absolutely. Is it safe to say that the relationship you are currently in is... Real. My real life, my 96-year-old grandmother had a flight to my wedding. And within days, he was with you. He met my whole family. Very few people in my entire life have met the most important people to me. He held my dog. And then, literally, hours later, basically decided that he had chosen you instead. That is why I'm coming in so hot. The fact that you guys have... First of all, Sarah Ann, you've had a year to reach out. We had that little lake day party. Half that conversation felt like you were asking me for advice on your new relationship with him, which I wanted absolutely nothing to do with, obviously. I was hoping and praying for you guys to come in here with some humility and come with an apology and realize that this was my real life. I understand you guys are together now, whatever, that's fine, but this was my real life, my real fiancé, my real engagement, my real wedding that was made a mockery of by the two of you. And then you come here with heat towards me like I did something wrong. All we're trying to say is there seems to be a disconnect between what's happening on the internet and real life. This is your real life. Jeramey: Mm-hmm. This is your real life and now your real babies and families. Even Laura over there, she's like, "My 96-year-old grandma." "This was my real life that was made a mockery of." The show didn't make a mockery of her. This situation did. Jeramey: Mm-hmm. So she's wanting to know, as are people who see that. Do you see it as entertainment, whereas this is their life? This is their future, their love. Sarah Ann: Yeah. Vanessa: Do you think you were trying to entertain? No, no. And I'll clarify that right now. Probably taken out of context. That was, to be quite frank, to put out entertainment of my own. Um, so... But no, I think the experiment does work. I mean, I'm sitting next to someone that, you know, I love with all my heart. And in my pursuit of love, I... hearts got broken. And I apologize for that. That's not what I wanted, Laura. That's not what I wanted. I'm sorry. I still maintain that nothing happened between Sarah Ann and I that night. It was wrong, should not have done it. That's not her fault. That is... that is absolutely on me, and I'm sorry for that. To take some accountability, that's all I've been waiting for for a year. We are happy you found each other. There could've been, probably Laura agrees, a better way for all of this to unfold. Unfortunately, it did not. You said your piece. Laura. Are you dating anyone right now? woman 15: Ooh. ( laughing ) Um... ( all laughing ) Laura: Yes. I am. ( laughing ) ( all cheering ) It's late where you are. Thank you so much for joining us today. We wish you the best. Wait! No. Yes, what? We're not gonna discuss "bean dip"? AD: Oh, please no. Laura: Two seconds to clear it up. ( laughing ) Laura: AD, I love Clay. AD was my very close friend in the lounge, in the pods. We were playful. I'm a goofball. Bean dip was a joke. It was a playful thing. There was no disrespect meant behind it. I've apologized to her face-to-face, on camera, off camera. I'll do it all day every day. I apologize if there was any disrespect insinuated in any way. It was not intended. I love you guys so much. It was a joke that was just taken completely out of context, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry for throwing that out into the world. Now that's a very Googled term that should've never been Googled to begin with. ( AD laughing ) So I'm sorry. Vanessa: Okay. All right, moving on, huh? Whoo! I'm hot. Guys, one of the biggest scandals to break since this season premiered involves our next guest. So, everyone, please join me in welcoming the mullet-man himself. Trevor. ( dance music playing ) ( chattering ) Nick: The mullet's back, baby. Johnny: Damn, Trev! Trevor: Oh. What's up? Vanessa: We're stacking these couches. You have enough room? No. ( laughing ) How's it going, buddy? Vanessa: We're gonna get right into it. Trevor, hi. When the season premiered, people were posting, "Protect Trevor at all costs." And "if anyone hurts Trevor, they're dead to me." Then something came out that shocked everyone. Screenshots came out on the internet which were allegedly between you, Trevor, and the girlfriend that you had at the same time that you were participating in this experiment. Nick: Yes, in fact, you were texting her as you were traveling here and as soon as you left the pods. We actually have the texts. So let's go ahead and take a look. woman 16: Show the receipts. Nick: "I love you so much, honey." all: Ooh! Nick: "I'm excited for it, but more excited to get back to you after and start our life together." Vanessa: She responded with, "Did you land?" Nick: Trevor responded, "Just did." Then, skipping to when you left the pods, you again wrote, "Do you still love me?" Vanessa: She says, "Pumpkin, I'm crying." Nick: Trevor then says, "Can I call you in 30 minutes?" Vanessa: She said, "I missed you so much." Trevor wrote, "I love you more than anything in this world." "And I'm going to marry you." woman 17: Oh! Vanessa: She says, "Yes. Call me. I can't wait." Nick: Trevor says, "I hope you know how much I love you and had to pretend that this wasn't real life to say anything I said." Vanessa: She responds with, "It's okay, pumpkin." Nick: Now, Trevor, I'd like to hear what you have to say. Yeah, me too. ( laughing ) Nick: Certainly a lot to unpack there. I think not only Vanessa and I, but everyone on this stage, would love to hear what you have to say about that. Um... Nah, say it with your chest. ( laughing ) AD: Don't get quiet now. Micah: Oh! AD: Don't get quiet now. ( laughing ) I... I had a whole thing planned to say. I don't know. Um... Yeah. So... I guess I'll start by saying that I was not dating her... "dating" her, technically. Like, I never said, "Will you be my girlfriend?" before the show started. But there definitely was... Like, obviously, we were close, but she knew... She was the typical girl I'd go for in real life. And I told her before, like, "I want to go on this to try to experiment with something else." Like, there's no justifying that. That sounds fսck¡ng horrible what I just said, and that... that is horrible. But I... wanted to do this. Like, I wanted to meet somebody that I wouldn't go for in real life. It is fսckеd up that I was... acted like that with someone else right before going on and right after, but I went in with the mindset of, like, I will find someone. Like, I wanna try it. I don't fսck¡ng know. There isn't an answer for that. Nick: You're saying "I love you..." Yes. ...to this woman as you're entering the experiment, as you're entering the pods. Yes. To say, "She wasn't my girlfriend..." You don't say "I love you" to someone you don't care about. Trevor: I mean, I did care about her. Nick: You're going with you didn't love her? No, no, no, I did. So, I'm saying, how unfair is it to everyone on the stage... And I'll call out Chelsea directly because there was a moment there where she easily could have said, "Trevor, you are the one for me. You're my life partner." Unbeknownst to her, you have someone on the outside. I would have been with Chelsea. I told her that. She knew that. Like, she... her and I were so fսck¡ng toxic. So toxic that after you get out of the pods, you said, "Going to marry you"? Yes, yes! I'm toxic as well. I admit that. Like, I need a lot of, like, therapy. I went in with this of, like, I know I'm toxic. I know I need to fսck¡ng change. I... I don't know what you want me to say. Do you guys wanna say anything? woman 18: Oh. ( laughing ) I'll stay out of it, Pumpkin. ( laughing ) Not "Pumpkin." Jimmy, your time's coming. Don't worry. I definitely am not here to grill you by any means. It didn't work out for us. And I had just this intuition of why I shouldn't have picked you. I couldn't explain it, and now I can. Brittany: I think it's just disrespectful. Because we all put ten toes down into this experience. For you to also be playing the other woman, that's also disrespectful. Chelsea 2: Mm-hmm. Brittany: A little concerning that she was okay with it. Trevor: I agree. Um, but, yeah, it's disrespectful to them as well. I mean, it's the same thing that you were asking Sarah Ann earlier. What about us that are going in this with the right intentions, doing the right thing. Chelsea 2: What if I did choose you? Would she be lingering around, just like... No, I told her that up front. I was like, "You and I are toxic together." "If I meet someone in here, then I'm staying with someone in here." You told her you were gonna marry her. Trevor: Yeah, when I left, 'cause... When I left, I was a fսck¡ng emotional wreck. Johnny, you were there when I walked out of the pods that day. Was I not... It was really bad. It was really bad. Like, way worse than is shown. Like, I did get into the experiment when I got here. Johnny was in the lounge and saw me, and I know you guys trust Johnny. ( laughing ) Brittany: King Johnny. Were you more hurt of leaving Chelsea or because you were leaving the show? I didn't care about leaving the show. Can I, like, just leave right now? Go ahead. Chelsea has been raked over the coals. No, and I will... Jessica: You could've come to her rescue. Even I have asked for a cease-fire on Jimmy. And at any point, you could have just been... I have made comments helping Chelsea. Did you come here to forward your career and be on TV? Trevor: No, what career? I mean... Vanessa: I have no idea. I did come here for good and bad reasons. I can't take back that I went on the show. I'm glad I went on the show 'cause it taught me a lot about myself. And, Chelsea, like, I was myself in those pods. I hope you know that. And any clarity you need off camera, like, I will give to you, You're the only person that I owe any response to. Like, I don't give a fսck about people online. I don't need to respond to them, but you, if you need that, I will give it to you. I appreciate you. Sarah Ann, we've talked about your suggestion that this is just done for entertainment. There's been suggestions that maybe you were here for the wrong reasons. Guys, I wanna say participating in Love Is Blind, it's really a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Vanessa and I believed in it from season one. You can see the results. Look around this room. Look at this couch right here. We do not want people to come here motivated by fame. That's not what this is about. It's not fair to the audience, and most importantly, it's not fair to the people right here, the people who've invested genuinely in what this thing is truly, truly all about. It's just wrong. It really is. For people who come here with ulterior motives, we've gotta call you out for it. So, Trevor, I know you asked to leave. You can leave now, man. woman 19: Oh, my God. ( Trevor exhales ) Vanessa: On that note, I'm gonna change the subject. Oh, my gosh! We have a sign in the audience! "AD All Day." Yes! ( cheering ) A couple that we were really rooting for. ( AD sighs ) AD and Clay. We wanna know what happened after the weeks following the wedding. A lot of weeks went by before we spoke. Um, I just wasn't in a place to speak to him. I really had nothing to say. Yeah, I just thought from a respect level, that I shouldn't reach out automatically. I just think when you go through a heartbreak like that, it's just sometimes hard to, you know, look each other in the face. It's just been a little bit of a rough ride after the, uh, altar. So who contacted who first to get together? He called me, duh. ( laughing ) He called me. Yeah, I got a couple, like, messages that wasn't responded to, but yeah. What was it like for the two of you to watch the wedding back? That was tough. Vanessa: Hmm. That was really tough. I mean, it's not normal to watch yourself have a meltdown. And I mean, the love that I had for this man... ( shudders ) Hmm. It was tough to watch because it was such a lead up for such a crazy letdown. This process is unique. You know, you get a chance to essentially watch yourself, you know, like a fly on the wall to your own life. And, you know, just kind of seeing everything, and it was really emotional for me to watch. You know, seeing AD interact on the other lounge and how excited she was, like, to me watching it, I just felt like the biggest dіck. I felt like, you know, I disrespected her family, and I apologized to, you know, your mom and your sisters, because they all met me with grace. And, like, even to hear that, you know, that I disrespected them, that I wasted their time. You know, that definitely hurt. Nick: This is a tough question to ask. And hindsight is always 20/20. But looking back, would you have done things differently? You know, Nick, that's a good question. I think throughout this whole process, one of the biggest things I struggled with was getting out of my own way. I kind of battle with, like, the morality of, like, am I a good person? Am I a bad person? And AD always, like, navigated me. She always made sure she uplifted me and made me feel like the best person. But I couldn't get out of my own way. I kept looking at myself like, "I'm not the guy that deserves love and marriage." And, you know, AD's really seen me through. She's honestly the love of my life. And I will tell you, honestly, I did make a mistake, you know, going to the altar and saying no. But, you know, it's one of those things that you just kind of go through and live through, you know. And I'm humbled to watch myself and see that there was different things that I didn't do well. And you know, I'm definitely taking the work. I've been doing therapy to be a better person, you know. Because I do think that, you know, it was a big letdown, and I apologize. I love you. You are the love of my life, and it was a mistake. Vanessa: AD, that was like a roller coaster of emotions. I'm watching you go from, like, "oh, here we go" to "oh, my goodness." What are you feeling hearing Clay say all of these things? It just takes me right back to day one of falling for him and knowing that I could be everything that he needed and knowing that, like, there's nothing more that I could have done. And then to hear him say it was a mistake is, like, what am I supposed to do with that information? Vanessa: Mm-hmm. Do you think you would ever date him again? ( all laughing ) Next question. ( laughing ) Vanessa: Clay, would you ever date her again? 1,000%. woman 20: Oh, my gosh. AD: Nuh-uh! ( laughing ) ( AD exclaims ) You had your chance. Clay: I did. I did. You had your chance. I was wide... There's nothing that I wouldn't have given you. And there's nothing I wouldn't have done for you. And I feel like, low-key, respectfully, you played in my fսck¡ng face. You played in my face. You knew you didn't wanna get married. That's not true. Then why are we not married? woman 21: Ooh. You know, when it was happening, I wanted to say yes. I saw you walk across on the altar. And I was, like, "This is my wife." As it was going on, I'm looking at you. I'm like, "I don't know if I could show up for you every single day." It's just... I'm sure people who experience this, that's been through the experiment, you know, days are like weeks. Moments and that time at the altar, when she walked down the altar, I swear, it was like three days. I'm just going back and forth of, like, watching her. "She's so beautiful." "Clay, you know who you are." "But AD." It's a lot of things that you're battling with. And for me, Nick, I would say that I didn't put the work in to understand love before I got in the process. And I believe I almost was getting diagnosed on camera as, like, this red flag or this guy who has, you know, dad issues and something like that. But I received it, you know. At the end of the day, I didn't do the process right. I disrespected AD. I love her. And it hurts that you don't even think that, you know, so... Vanessa: Clay. Yeah. Do you think you're ready now? It's been a year. Yeah, I think I put the work in. I wasn't bullshitting. Uh, I went to therapy. I tried different therapists out, even. You know, trying to see what worked for me. You know, I wanna be a good guy. I wanna be the best version I can be. It sucks that I wasn't like that for you. You are a good guy. I swear. It really wasn't intentional. Like, I'm watching it back, and it broke my heart to break your heart, honestly. And that was not my intention. ( exhales ) Um, it happened, and I'll take everything that comes with it. I came out a different man, and I have to credit that to AD. When someone changes your life, you just don't turn your back on them. And, you know, that's just me being here for her. I applaud you for growth. Yeah. I applaud you as a man for being willing to say, "I need to take a look at myself, and I need therapy." "I wanna seek that out." "I wanna be a better person for myself and for others." That takes a lot of courage to, A, one, do. And B, say on national television. Vanessa: Follow through. Nick: So I applaud you for that, man, really. It was hard watching because there were so many layers to your love story. Nick: Mm. I'm curious, AD, how did you feel when you watched it back, watching that conversation between Clay's mom and his dad? Um, I thought in watching it with Vanessa, that was a pretty heavy moment, a pretty insightful moment. Did it give you any more understanding as to why things were the way they were? I think that conversation really, um, closed the circle for me. There were a lot of missing pieces that I just could not quite understand, and I knew that Clay's parents had gone through their trials. And hearing that conversation really showed me that he was battling things that I just... that there's nothing I could have done to take that stress from him. Hearing that conversation, I was, like, "Wow." Like, "That was deep." And I didn't wanna, respectfully, be Clay's mom in the long run. I didn't want that to be my story. Vanessa: Well, yeah. Nick: Clay, how was that conversation for you to watch? Between your mom and your dad? Uh, it was tough, I would say, you know. We're still going through our family and... and searching for healing, so... I think a lot of Black men could resonate with this in terms of just having broken households. But one thing about my parents is that they never made us feel any type of way. They did their best to raise us, and that's their story. And AD's mom said it best. She said that I can't be taking on my parents' stuff. I gotta do what's good for me. And that's the reason why I took that approach to go to therapy, so I could stop, you know, wearing the baggage that my parents left me and, you know, go my own way. Nick: You mentioned the healing. Part of that healing I think was... I remember your mom tasking your father with apologizing to you for some of the memories and the experiences you had as a youth and how it's, maybe, shaped your path. Yeah. Nick: Has that apology happened? Have you had that chance to have that moment with your father? It's, uh, it's not... Me and my dad have a great relationship in terms of our banter. It hasn't been like, "I'm sorry," but in his way, it has been. And I feel comfortable with his answer and who he is as a man. I don't, like, throw any stones at him, you know, 'cause my dad's a good father. I just... It's my first time expressing that this is something that is affecting me, because you don't really see from men how to be a good husband. It's always, like, "Happy wife, happy life." You don't really hear the experience. Especially as a guy like me, I was an athlete. Just how to transition from going from a little bit of a rock star life to now you're just with one person. There's really nobody that explains it, talks about it. You're speaking of examples of how to be a good husband. There was one conversation you had with AD where you said you'd been watching Love Is Blind for the first time, and it made you nervous because, as you said, "That is what a husband is supposed to come like. Says the right things." So I'm curious who in that moment you were referring to when watching Love Is Blind. ( laughs ) Uh, so it's very documented I didn't watch Love Is Blind before I joined the show. Actually, it was funny, when I seen AD and her mom, they put on Love Is Blind season four, and I was referring to Brett. I thought that Brett was... ( chuckles ) Clay: I felt like he did everything. He said all the right things. He just personified as a good Black man or a good husband... Not even Black man, just a good husband. And you know, I just looked at him, and I was like, "I don't think that who I am could do at all what Brett did." It was a little pessimistic thought. But even with that, you know, I give myself grace. I do it in my own way. And I'm not even happy with that comment, but the compliment is I do think Brett is a stand-up guy. And I was just looking and, you know, thinking of that sense. We're lucky to have Brett and Tiffany with us here today. Guys. Vanessa: How does that make you feel hearing that, Brett? Ooh. I just wanna say thank you, man. Um, that's not... it's very humbling to hear, honestly. Um... I don't know why I'm getting emotional talking because, um... Like, I didn't really come from, like, the perfect household either, in terms of my mom and my dad and their relationship. Um, and there was a lot of things that I was concerned about how I would show up going through this experiment. Um... And as a credit to her, like, she created the space for me to, um... be the person that I knew that I could be. Um, and, you know, it's... it's very humbling to hear. Um, but even going through everything, I had a lot of doubts, and I was very concerned about, like, am I gonna be a good husband? Yeah, we good now while we're filming, but, like, when the cameras are off, am I gonna know how to show up? Am I gonna know how to be the husband that she expects me to be and the husband that I want to be? You know? Hope I'm doing good. ( laughs ) You're doing great, babe. ( laughing ) Brett: Uh, but, um... Yeah, man, I just... it's very humbling to hear that. Especially, you know, Black man to Black man, you know, it's, um... I'm humbled. Thank you. All good. Tiffany, how is Brett showing up in the husband department? He's doing all right? Oh! He's doing more than all right. Nick laughs: No doubts. And I think it's great. Because every day I fall more in love with him. So, you're doing great. ( all laughing ) What's ahead for the two of you? Catch us up. Well, I mean, Brett and I have just been traveling the world. Um, we actually have a trip coming up in April to Japan. Which I know is one of your favorite places. Um, and we are laying down some roots in Portland. We're actually looking for homes right now. It'll be our first home, so... Um, I'm excited to get that started. I love it. Well, thank you for being here today with us. You're happy in love. And talking about happy in love with our couple this season, Johnny and Amy, you guys also have a fun and funky relationship. We've actually got a look back at some highlights. From your first year of marriage. Look. Oh, God. ( laughs ) All right, so today on Johnny's kitchen, we're gonna be making some... ( laughs ) We're actually gonna be feeding me a little tomato. We have tomatoes down there. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna grab my tomato. I'm gonna open it up. Uh, there I go. I'm gonna go... Oh! ( laughing ) ( Amy mutters ) Yummy, yummy, in my tummy. ( laughing ) Johnny, Amy: Three, two, one! ( shouting ) woman 22: Yeah! Happy New Year, babe. Happy New Year! ( both laugh ) The things I do for her! ( shouts ) ( laughing ) Amy: Oh! ( pop music playing ) You've done that. Yeah. Johnny: Wife! ♪ Do it for me, the love gonna be ♪ Nick: Wow! You guys, uh... Vanessa: Yeah! You packed a lot into your first year of marriage. That's awesome. We're trying. Absolutely. Since you guys are new to this whole marriage thing, let's ask you this, what's the best thing about your spouse? I don't know. I feel it's kind of everything. Like the fact that you don't just jump the gun to assumptions, and you actually hear me out for things I say, things I ask, just questions in general and really wanna know where I'm coming from, from a place of love. That's probably the biggest one. He's just so gentle and caring and loving. Like, I couldn't have had a better man. Like, forever grateful for him. Thank you, baby. For sure. Vanessa: Aww. I remember you said in one of the episodes that you wanted to have, like, a drag-out fight. So it's been a year. ( Nick laughs ) Vanessa: Have y'all had a fight? Not really! No. ( laughing ) Johnny: It's really, like, weird to think about it, but... it has been relatively easy. Granted, we have disagreements. Yeah. But it's, like, we just talk. Vanessa: All right. So who does the household chores? Amy: Both of us, but he beats me to it. He beats me to it for sure. Vanessa: He beats you to it? Especially when it comes to laundry and dishes. I just... He's on top of it. Jeramey, just like you. I cannot stand when dishes are in the sink that are dirty. So I do it right away. Amy: Yeah. I will say, like, between that and then you stacking up the plates, Clay, we got a clean little group of men. I love that! I love that. Vanessa: Yeah. Okay, well, social media has been lighting up this season, and we have some viewer questions that our former cast members are gonna help get some answers to. So, Chelsea, hey. Hi. Vanessa: You have our first question. Awesome, this is for Jessica. "Jessica, what does Autumn think of all of this?" "And did you let her watch the show?" I've seen that question a lot too. Um, Autumn is still over the moon excited. She's loving it. I didn't let her watch the show in its entirety. I mean, she's met mostly all of the female cast. And there are certain things, like... I don't want her being, like, "Who was Aunt Chelsea talking about when she said..." You know? So, she loves it, but, honestly, I didn't even realize this before I went, Autumn had actually really never even seen me cry before. Like, my whole, you know, thing with her has always been, like, I'm strong. Like, you know, and moms get it, Like, your breakdowns have to be, like, scheduled. Like, you can't just have a moment in the middle of the day. But in a way, it's been a huge blessing, because it's allowed her to see me be a little bit more human. Which in turn is gonna help her. God, I cannot talk about her without losing it. ( laughing ) Jessica: It will help her know that... Crying and showing your emotions doesn't make you weak, and it's okay. So anyway, to wrap that up, she loves it, and yeah. Vanessa: Thank you, Jess. Thank you, Chelsea. Chelsea 1: Thank you. Vanessa: Gigi, you've the next question. This is for Johnny and Amy. It says, "I'm confused. Were cоndоm not an option?" ( laughing ) Clearly, I'm the poster child for birth control. ( laughing ) Yes, uh, cоndоm were always an option. I think the big thing that I really wanna point out is that I didn't really know too much about the whole topic of birth control at all until I really had the first conversation with Amy. After that, we basically went back to our corners, did more research on the whole subject, and then we came back and found, like, an actual reason of, "Hey, let's move forward with this specific option." Um, but something I really never had to think about I feel like as a guy because it wasn't something that I was... thinking about constantly. Amy: And there were continuous conversations too, and I feel like, respectfully, I had to educate him a lot. ( laughs ) But, um, you know, we figured it out. I never ended up going on birth control. He never got a vasectomy. I was never forced to do anything. Otherwise, we would've been on separate ends of the couch. But yeah, no, we figured it out. And that's all that matters. Good. You guys had a lot of discipline. Amy: Yeah. ( laughing ) Nick: Uh, I think Alexa has our next question. Okay, so Sarah Ann, she has taken a lot of heat for her DM that she sent, but, Chelsea, I have a question for you. "What did you think about the conversation Jessica and Laura had about Jimmy when they met up at the bar?" "Did you think it was appropriate?" It was an odd conversation for me to see and actually witness it, because it was a little bit disrespectful to my relationship, when I'm going through the trenches, trying to figure out, like, "Is this my man?" Like, "How do we make it work?" And I, obviously, it's not a secret, had insecurities during the show. And, you know, it kind of just added to that feeling, so, um, it hurt a little bit, but Jess and I are on really good terms. I love you with my whole heart. I didn't have any malicious intent, but it was completely absent-minded. That's one of my best friends. And this is wildly disrespectful. And I don't expect any grace for that. That was not my best moment. Vanessa: Thanks, Alexa. We have Tiffany. Hey, girl. You have the next question. Sarah Ann. ( laughs ) "So does Jeramey share his location with you?" ( laughing ) He does. He does. And he does that willingly, so, um... Apparently, that's my thing. ( laughing ) Nick: Our next question is coming from Micah. Micah: Oh, my God. Nick: What's up? Yay, I wanted to get involved! Okay. ( laughing ) Okay. Mine's for Jimmy. What did your friend think about Chelsea sharing your little secret with the world? audience: Ooh! Jimmy: Um, you know, I knew coming on a TV show, I'm putting myself out there. Um, she didn't deserve that, and... She didn't love hearing it. She was there for me as a friend and someone that loved me. Someone that wanted to support me. You know, I got a ton of dude friends in my life, but with... When I'm talking to guys, I'm not getting emotional with the fellas. The girls will, like, let me lay into them about where I'm at with everything. I was trying so hard in my relationship, and they came on to support me. They came on to be a friend to her, and I told... I told... ( chuckles ) I'm getting ahead of myself. I told you out of confidence. And they felt... One of them is really pissed off at me for mentioning it. Micah: Yeah. So I told her about them in the pods. I was very forward. Also, she had an ex-boyfriend that she still hangs out with. I don't. I don't hang out with him. All right, well, I misheard you, sorry. I think we misheard each other in a lot of things, to be honest. But I hated that all this came out so bad, and... "I can take it, they didn't deserve it" is the main way I can put it. But I would be robbing her if I didn't tell her. I told her because I was planning to get married to her, and she needed to know every bit of me. I get that, for sure. Nick: I'm curious. The rest of you, how do you feel about this situation of Jimmy sharing a secret with Chelsea and her sharing that secret on camera? Who thinks that the secret shared in confidence shouldn't have been repeated on camera? Yeah. Maybe don't say the bean dip thing. That was in confidence too, so... Vanessa: Say the what? Oh. Yeah. Nothing. Vanessa: We going back to bean dip? ( laughing ) Nick: Do you guys think she had a right to say that on camera? If they had the conversation in confidence, then I don't think that she should've. But I also get, you know, I'mma give Chelsea some grace. It's an emotional experience. Micah: I think that also if it was something that was affecting her and affecting their relationship, she has to show it. I'm sure a lot of her comments back to him and feelings back to him were coming from a place of hurt from that information. Jimmy: Yeah. 100%. It's a real-life relationship. That was a huge issue, and it was really sitting on me. And I apologize more than... I could never apologize enough for how horrible I feel for bringing it up and ruining that trust. 'Cause it ruined everything. And it was just a true issue that I just couldn't get off my chest, and it coming out was just... I forget about the cameras. I didn't even realize the cameras were there. It was just a huge argument that just blew up, and I'm really sorry. We've talked about it a hundred times, and we even tried to work through it. Um, ultimately, she has feelings that, you know, made her feel a certain way. She has the right to speak up on that. She's not in the wrong for saying it. I just didn't love the fashion how it came up. Me neither, my guy, me neither. That was awful. Absolutely awful. Nick: Jimmy, looking back on that, do you think that was a defining moment in your guys' relationship together? Yeah, absolutely. I can see it in my eyes when I'm speaking. Everything after that. That, you know, we were kind of going through the motions. And it's easy to see in hindsight what was the right decision. And the right decision would've been for me to let you go at that point. Um, but I drսg it on partially because we loved each other so much. Nick: I'm curious to hear from everybody else up here. You guys all got to watch their story kind of unfold in real-time, but then watching it back and seeing more of what happened behind closed doors, did it change your perception of them as a couple, change your perception of what they were going through, what they were living? AD: It did for me. ( exhales ) Um, I know Chelsea is so fun and bubbly and outgoing and just carefree, and to see her, like, that way and, like, the insecurities be highlighted like that was really, really, really tough to watch, because we don't know that side of you. We know this very confident and very proud woman. And so to see you kind of go through that emotional roller coaster... Chelsea 2: Mm-hmm. Yeah. That was wild to watch. Vanessa: Thank you guys for sharing. Yeah. Vanessa: Jessica. Hey, girl. Um, I wanna take it back to the lake party when you and Jimmy were having a conversation. There seemed to be some sparks flying, lots of chemistry. Like, I don't feel like I was feeling chemistry. I think I was still attached to, like... You heard me say earlier in the season, um, like, he has a part of me I feel like I'll never get back. And being able to, like, be in front of him in person and feeling like he does still have that. And I was happy, because I still feel grateful for it that I was able to share those moments and share things about myself with someone. Yeah. But I think he and I both agreed. It was an unspoken thing that we knew it wouldn't have worked. Nick: You agree? Yeah, I mean, I was very eager to meet her, but, you know, I'm an engaged man, and I was there for Chelsea at that point, and I wanted to make sure she knew I was all hands on deck there. Um, but I think that conversation, obviously, there was a ton of chemistry between the two of us, and when we connected, it was more of a friend thing. Kind of... It's... It's weird. It is a weird feeling having two women tell you they love you. And I truthfully hope I never have that happen to me ever again. ( laughing ) Viewers obviously got to see that moment where you guys saw each other at the lake. But they were disappointed they didn't get a chance to see your reaction when you saw a picture of her for the very first time. So, Jimmy, be honest. Did you in fact choke... ( all laughing ) ...as Jessica predicted you would, when you saw that picture? Jess doesn't need me to tell her this, but you're absolutely stunning. You're gorgeous. Thank you so much. Vanessa: There's a moment that you talked about, Jimmy, you following her on social media and then really quickly unfollowing her. I did follow her along with everybody else at the same time the moment I got my phone back. Um, yeah, I was eager to see her, I've already hit on that. But, um, I did withdraw it. I mean, she... She saw it. I was giving... I was giving her the nod of approval that I'm curious to see, and I don't know. It just became a weird thing to me, and so I just withdrew it. Went private. "You're not gonna look at my profile either." But, apparently, you already did your own digging before that, so... Yeah, I mean, no, I saw your friend request come through and I was like, "Is that who I think it is?" And I was like, "Oh, my God, it is." "Well, he's the one who has his profile on public." "Like, this is why I have mine on private." So when you followed her, is that when you saw the picture? Jeramey showed me the picture in the gym when we were working out. Vanessa: Jeramey! It came up in a conversation, and I was, like, "Oh, yeah." Vanessa: You and Chelsea are best friends. I love that. Your daughter calls her Auntie Chelsea. Are you and Jimmy friends? I thought we were. I did. Um... After the lake party, I mean, you guys saw, we left on great terms. And then when the show came out, I knew it might be bad for him. I didn't think it was going to be to the extent that it was. All the hate that he and Chelsea were receiving. And I was mortified by it. I sent him a message, and I told Chelsea about it when I sent it. I said, "Hey, listen, like, I'm not finding enjoyment in seeing people drag you through hell." There's some things rightfully so you should be given a hard time on. But some things people were upset about, I was like, "I'm not gonna let you be bullied into oblivion." "When the time comes, I'm not gonna let you go out like that." And then, like, you've seen us joke on social media and, like, comment on each other's stuff. And then I saw an interview that you did recently. And I was infuriated. What part? Jessica: I've had plenty of interviews. And I've taken every opportunity I've had to speak highly of you, our experience, how grateful I am to have had it with you and everything. And it seemed like you took the first opportunity you had to just, I guess, make an attempt at throwing me under the bus, but also just flat-out, bald-faced lie. You said that I hammered you about wanting to continue to explore your connections, which wasn't true. It seemed multiple times, I'm telling you, when and if you choose me, I want you to be sure of it, so please explore and do whatever you need to do. And then you also said that ten minutes into our... one of our last dates, I just stormed out, which also isn't true. Jimmy: You did. Jessica: We were in for an hour. It is also shown that I said, "Listen, at this point, it feels forced, and I think that we should take an intermission," which you agreed to. You said, "I think that's a good idea." So I was just so caught off guard by what motivated you, like, what provoked you and what made you wanna say, like, horrible things about me. Jimmy: I have a side, 'cause I'm being asked why I didn't choose you. And that's part of the reason, the way you talked to me during our last date, you leaving the date early. I'm sorry if that's throwing shade at you. Did you not want me to leave the date early? Jimmy: No, I wanted you to stay. Why did you agree with me and say, "I agree, I think we should take an intermission"? Actually, you said, "I think we should stop." If you wanted me to stay, why didn't you ask me to stay and work it out? I... That was after the fact that we went through the period of time where I told you, um... Like, you were literally saying, "What else do you freakin' need from me?" I was like, "Well, I wanna learn a bit more about you." And you're like... Your tone of voice was just offsetting for me, and... I didn't say horrible things. I said you walked out on our date when I still hadn't made a decision. Jessica: You said I stormed out in ten minutes. After you read my letter and had nothing to say back. I know I didn't have the reaction you wanted to. That's two questions, but I didn't have the reaction you wanted there. And I couldn't give it to you. It would've been manipulative to tell you "I love you" if I didn't feel it. Um, I read it because you gave it to me. Maybe I shouldn't have read it. I think we both can agree to that. Um... I wasn't looking for you to tell me that you loved me. It's even shown that I say that. I said, "Just give me something." Okay, well, you were on the girls' side saying you loved me. You never voiced that to me. So there was... there was two sides to not voicing our opinions. You never once told me you loved me. I don't know why I have to go first. I wanted you to say it first. I felt like I had given you so much and shared the most intimate details of myself, my daughter, my past. The things I shared with you, I've never shared in any relationship I've ever been in. I felt like the least you could've done was just meet me with... If it wasn't an "I love you," just your feelings. Period. Were you looking for her to say "I love you"? Were you waiting on that? Was that something that would've been meaningful to you? No, and I'm kind of backtracking and going to her leaving the date early. That did happen. An hour and a half into it. Not ten minutes. Jimmy: Um... I maybe give you 45 minutes, but it felt like ten minutes to me. Your perception was ten minutes. You're, like, "I'll give you 45." You went in an interview and said that's actually how it happened. Not "this is how I felt." But "yeah, this is actually how it happened." And then you said, "I'm really proud of the edit that she had." As if every last thing I did wasn't real. It wasn't an edit. It wasn't. No one did me any favors. And I've been the first to say, when I had that wine night with Laura, that wasn't my best moment. If I was getting a "good edit," you think they would have shown that? I don't know what you were looking for. But I don't know if that answers your question. I thought we were on good terms, but I guess that we're not. Jimmy: I mean, I have an opinion too. And every date we had was phenomenal, and everything I would have ever wanted. And I felt... I'm saying I gave you 45 minutes. I still believe it's ten minutes. Someone please get the receipts, please. Hello. Jimmy: Oh, my God. ( laughing ) Jessica: I spilled my drink on myself. I am a mess all the time. That's what you have to look forward to. Can we take a quick break? ( chuckles ) Please. That would be great. Jimmy: Okay. Jimmy sighs: You in here, Jess? I'm here. I'm not giving up. I'm not walking away or, like, going to bed angry, but it's feeling forced, and that's just not us. Yeah. So I think we should... leave it alone for right now. I'm good with that. I want you to find the clarity and peace that you need to figure out who you wanna spend the rest of your life with. I feel like continuing to talk about it is making me feel like I'm having to talk you into it. And I don't want that. Thank you for wrapping that up, because I can't make up... ( laughing ) I can't form a sentence to figure out how to tell you how I feel. I don't have anything else to say. I really don't. And maybe I will talk to you later. Speaking of the media and social media, something that has taken over this show. ( laughs ) Vanessa: Hey, Chelsea. ( Nick laughs ) Vanessa: The debate about the comparison to Megan Fox. Chelsea 2: Bring her? That's all I ask. ( all laughing ) Vanessa: She's in the back. Nick: Please welcome... Vanessa: Trevor's girl. Um, what are your thoughts on how this is playing out? That was... regrets, big time. It was just a silly, little comment that just slid in there, and my whole world has flipped upside down. I'm really, really stinkin' proud of myself for how I've been handling it. I didn't think I could, 'cause the world is harsh. And you could say anything. You could say, "I like the color pink," and people are gonna demolish you. Like, it doesn't matter what you say. I am so proud of myself, and I have just been taking it with grace and just making humor of it, and it is what it is. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Thank you. One couple who knows what it feels like to be in a love triangle but to come out on the other end with a very happy ending is Zack and Bliss from season four. You may have heard they're expecting, and we're excited to share with you a clip from their recent baby shower. Take a look. That's gonna be nice. ( pop music playing ) ( all laughing ) Tiff and Chels reporting live from Bliss's baby shower! Chelsea 1: It's good! We're so excited! Tiffany: Here we are. I just can't believe our best friends are having a baby. So for those of you that might not know, we're having a... Baby girl. A baby girl! We got a girl on the way. Brett: I'll just say we're gonna have some amazing parents. I have no doubt. Zack and Bliss, they are madly in love, the sweetest couple on the planet. woman 23: Beautiful! Cheers to this beautiful couple, and Baby G. We're all here for you. We love you so much. Thank you. ( cheering ) As my family knows, I was really hoping for a girl. And this is, I mean, one of the greatest blessings ever. Uh, next to Bliss. woman 24: Aww. woman 25 laughs: Aww. He kind of covered it all. I love you guys all very much. I do. And enjoy some wine for me, please. ( all laughing ) ( cheering ) photographer: One, two, three! Love is blind! ( Nick laughs ) Vanessa: Awesome! We love seeing our Love Is Blind family growing. Chelsea, Kwame, Brett, Tiffany, you guys were there with some of the other Pod Squad. How are Bliss and Zack doing? They're doing fantastic. Um, B and Z are, like... They're great, great people. And so, like, it's really amazing to see everything that they've desired and wanted and everything that this journey has kind of yielded coming to fruition. Because we know that that's kind of what they wanted. They lived about five minutes from us in center city, and then they moved to suburbia, and they knew where their life was headed. That's what they wanted and envisioned. and it's so cool to see it coming to life. We see them a lot, call her every day. We're just really excited. A couple months away. Bliss and Gigi are not the only ones from the Love Is Blind family who are expecting. Alexa, how are you? How you feeling? Vanessa: Hi, Alexa. Doing very well. I'm just, uh, you know... It's really fun, really exciting. It was a journey, for sure. Five months pregnant now. Went through some fertility issues. And it was a roller coaster, and we were, you know, unsure if it was ever gonna happen for us. And, uh, two months away when we were gonna be starting IVF, it happened naturally and so, you know... ( laughing ) Just... Um, yeah, and I can't wait to, you know, have our love be physical, like, in a baby. I think that's what I'm really excited about and see a combination of both of us. And now looking for a house so we can put the baby somewhere. ( laughing ) Um, and the baby has a name and everything. It's really hard not to say the gender right now, but... ( laughs ) Yeah. Brennon: Just wanna say this. She's been a rock through this whole thing. It's been an emotional journey for both of us, her especially. And, um... It's, uh, just us wanting to have a family so bad... It's wonderful having this kind of come to fruition. We had a lot of fun practicing, you know? Nick: There you go. Yeah, baby. ( laughing ) So Alexa's always been one to be honest and direct, and we love that about you, girl. So I wanna ask you if you have any questions for our season six friends. I have a lot. I learned my lesson at my own reunion. ( laughing ) So, I'm not gonna say everything I'm thinking. ( laughing ) Um, but, Brittany and Kenneth, to you. I don't wanna make you uncomfy. But did either of you just wanna... Not "uncomfy." ...do it and see if that created the crave? ( laughing ) Alexa: Just once. Brittany: Thank you for the question. Finally, we get our time. Okay. ( laughing ) Brittany: Honestly. Um, so going into this, I made a promise to myself. I was like, "Look, I'm gonna wait until marriage." And yes, a lot have asked me that. We were even asked that in the DR. Like, "Why don't you just do it and see?" My thing is that that is a supplement. And it's more. It's an addition to. And I should not have to first test that out to then make my decision. I wanted to be 100% confident, and that was my choice. Um, and so I wanted... We agreed to make a promise to ourselves and to each other, and that's what we were gonna go with. And it didn't really need to be tested out to figure out where we were at. Kenneth: Can I add something? I gotta ask you this. When you guys got back from the DR. Uh-huh. You could almost hear people screaming for you to get off of your phone! When you watched it back, did you realize that you were so into your device and not so much into your fiancée in that moment? So I don't wanna say that to my fiancée, 'cause I was. So I wanna say that, but what I will say is, um, we all know I'm a principal, right? I love my kids. I love my families and my parents and my teachers. I spent about three weeks away from them. I'm a very on-the-grounds principal. So what that means is I'm, like, in classrooms, in the hallways. All those things. I make commitments to my families and parents and kids every day. Um, and so, having the opportunity to reconnect with them was not just for me, but also for them. They're not used to having that big lapse of absenteeism with me in their communication. I love my job. It's the most precious thing to me. Um, but so is my love, right? So I'm trying to find the middle ground of how you still keep your commitment and still, like, honor who you're with too. Even though I was so on my phone, I own it. I was on my phone a lot! So people think that he was either playing Candy Crush or looking at pictures of dolphins. "Dolphins." ( laughing ) Yeah, that's what he was looking at. It was a picture of trying to find me in a dolphin costume, okay? ( laughing ) Kenneth: That has been the warrant. ( laughing ) Vanessa: I loved you posted a picture with your face in a dolphin costume, and she wrote, "I'm just dead." Brittany: I did. Nick: Kenneth. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but it didn't seem like you were that fazed by the breakup. And I think some viewers, you know, even calling it gaslighting. How do you respond to that and to your reaction in that moment? Kenneth: Yeah. One, I can totally understand how that looks. Right? I can own, right, how the perception is. One thing I think is important to bring to this space is everyone processes differently. I know, most times, you see, like, the emotionalism come in. That was there, doesn't happen at that moment. And so when people say, like, "Oh, he just didn't care." Like, no, that actually was not the case. I called Clay, like, in shambles. Like, "Bro, this is what happened to me." You know what I'm saying? So I think that I can understand how it looks, but everyone's different. Sure. Well, let's move on from the past to the present. Where do things stand between the two of you now? We speak nearly every day. Yeah. Brittany: I get FaceTime calls at work. I call him at work. I've met people at his school that he talks to. And I think that although we are no longer in a relationship together, the bond that we have is gonna last for an eternity. Um, and I'm happy with that. You know he's always got his phone, so you can always reach him. ( laughing ) I can say our joke was, he was gonna run down the aisle to me for sure... On my phone! ( laughing ) Kenneth: On the phone. Like, "Take a picture of me, baby, you'll have it forever." You guys are friends at this point, which I think is fantastic. Brittany: Very much so. If friendship comes out of this, amazing. Do you give each other dating advice? Have you gotten to the place where you're comfortable doing that? Hey, Nick! You wanna talk about our conversation? Yeah, we actually had a conversation the other day just about when we get to the phase of, like, really dating other people, how will that affect us? We're extremely close. We talk every day. It's a very close-knit relationship. We're also very respectful people. We don't wanna offend the person that we talk to because of our rapport with each other. Because we are very close, but we gotta also respect our people when do we find them. Yeah, we're at a good spot. It's a beautiful thing you guys are at that place. It really is. Vanessa: We were talking to previous cast, and Nick and I were speaking, as well, how this show has become, not just for everyone watching, but also for the people living it, a little bit of therapy for all of us. Absolutely. Watching your guys' conversations. It gave us a space to actually start talking more about things that we had been putting on the back burner for a while. And the way you spoke to each other. Because, you know, we've been together for 18 years, life happens, kids, job, and you start getting snippy. And this is the person that you're supposed to be the most respectful to, and I lo... Sorry. Nothing to see here. I know I'm snippy. I said it. ( laughing ) I'm spicy! You know what I'm saying? Um, and to watch you guys speak to each other with so much love just reminds us what it's about. I was talking to Alexa and Brennon, and they were like, "Just seeing this, seeing the communication, it's why we're all here, to find that love." And regardless, to find that relationship and that communication. So, thank you for giving us all of that. Yeah. Of course. Of course. Thank you. Yeah. One that has kept us on our ballet toes from the very beginning is Colleen and Matt. Hi, guys, right over here. Hi! Obviously, she's been doing ballet her entire life, but she just did Princess Aurora in Sleeping Beauty. It was the most beautiful thing I've seen in my life. It was incredible. Yay! Congratulations! Matt: Yes, please, please. Vanessa: Thank you. Love it. I just have to first say that after seeing and experiencing everything, us moving in together right after is like a nothing burger. ( laughing ) Like, just an afterthought. 'Cause everyone was harping on the fact you were living together. Colleen: Yeah. It's like, "Okay, um..." But with that said, we have, like, moved in together. Matt: We have. Colleen: Moved into a beautiful townhome. It's amazing. Anyone who's on this couch right now who feels like they're going through a hard time, like, I promise you, you will make it out on the other side. Like, you will be okay For sure. For sure. And we're, like, proof, basically, that you guys will be okay. Nick: That's great insight. It's good. Nick: Great to see you doing so good. Matt: Thank you. Thank you guys for being here. Yeah, I love to see it. This season of Love Is Blind also had a Matt... Excuse me, a Matthew. He was invited to attend this reunion, but he politely declined. I'm sure you recall Matthew was accused of telling two women, AD and Amber, the same thing in the pods, but we never actually saw the receipts. So, should we watch now and see? ( AD laughs ) Johnny: Oh, yeah! Nick: Let's do it. Vanessa: I love you saying "receipts." "Receipts." I know. Matthew: I thought I knew yesterday who I was here for. Uh-huh. Matthew: And... After today with you... Amber: Yeah? Oh! ( laughing ) Matthew: I am not sure. Interesting. Okay, Matthew. ( laughs ) Today just felt very right. It feels just... It feels really good. Yeah. No, it does. Well, thank you for saying that. Matthew: I'm just trying to be as honest as I can. Amber: No, I like that. I like honesty. ( AD laughs ) I don't wanna tell something to somebody else, then tell you something, ( laughing ) Matthew: I'm just not gonna do that. Yeah, I don't think you should. No. I guess when I think about you, I can really see it. Really? Matthew: Yeah. Hmm. I'm smiling. Matthew: To me, yesterday, with you, like, something happened. Something like what? Oh, my God! Like, a deep connection. There's a large part of me that thinks that there's really only two outcomes. Wow... AD: Yeah? ( sighs ) And that's either with you or not. Oh! ( laughing ) Matthew: I'm trying to be as honest as I can. I asked you about your dad, 'cause I really don't know if I could propose without asking permission. Aww. That is really, really thoughtful. I just was hoping that I would find a man that's ready, like, right now. If you wanna leave, I'll leave with you. For real? Matthew: Yeah, I would. You just say, "Matthew..." ( AD laughing ) "...let's get the hell out of here." Amber: One thing you said today about not feeling right, like, not asking my dad like that. It just speaks volumes, I think to, like, who you are. Matthew: I just really appreciate that you said that... This is insane. ( laughs ) ...you think that's the right way to do it. 'Cause if it got to it... Yeah. Matthew: And we were at the end... Yeah. Matthew: ...I would tell 'em, "I'm not doing it unless I talk to her dad." So... Amber: Mm. You want me on the show. You want us to do these things, fine. Amber: Mm. But that's... I don't care. Amber: I appreciate that. And, honestly, I would leave too. Matthew: Okay. Amber: Yeah. Vanessa: You think he was saying the same thing to both of you? Well, yeah. ( all laughing ) Yeah, absolutely. I felt all of your, and heard, your emotions during watching that. AD: Yeah. What are your thoughts on that? It wasn't that he was saying the same thing to both of us, it was the fact that I had shared something so intimate about my father passing. And, you know, there's moments that I just won't have. Like, I won't have my future husband get to ask for my hand in marriage. And I won't have my father walk me, um, down the aisle. So when she comes in and she has the same story as far as, like, the dad thing, that's what really rocked me, 'cause I was like, "Well, my story is obsolete then." Did you ever reconnect with Matthew in the real world after the show? I did. ( laughs ) man whispers: Oh, sh¡t. woman 26: Oh, no. Nick: Okay. Okay. Clay: Mm. Vanessa: Okay, so... Nick: What can you tell us about the little pistachio of Matthew? Did you crack him that night? Um... ( sighs ) ( laughing ) He's, like, drilling a hole in the side of my head. Vanessa: Does Clay not know? Nick: Is this news to you, Clay? ( clears throat ) No, it's not. Vanessa: Okay. She told me that she met with Matthew. Okay. Matthew and I, we went on a few dates. Vanessa: How many? Um, like, two. Two-ish. Well, the first one, he wanted to apologize to me. He was heartbroken. He was very, very upset about the way everything played out and the way he felt like he kind of played both of our faces. So the first one, he really wanted to take the time and apologize. And I was, like, "You know, Matthew's kind of cute." Like, low-key, he's cute, y'all, like... Respectfully. ( laughing ) Um, anyway, so then we did go on a second date, um... And he ended up cooking me dinner. Nick: How is his cooking? A good cook? It was rice and chicken. Nick: Oh. ( laughing ) Nothing special. Nick, AD: A for effort. So... that fizzled out? It did. We live two completely different lifestyles. He's very disciplined. Not like I'm not, but he's, like, extremely to the clock. Like, every minute is planned out. Whereas I'm kind of, like, you know, with the wind a little bit. Um, and he just wants different things, and so do I. And we left it right there. Clay, you wanna go run some laps and get this out of your system? ( laughing ) Hey, at the end of the day, it's an experiment. Um, you know, and Matt did it the way he did it. I'm not here to kick Matt's back. He's not here in front of my face. He obviously met up with AD. Seems like it was respectful. So at the end of the day, respect to Matt. I have nothing disrespectful to say. Vanessa: I love it. Thank you, guys. Well, we always love a good love story. And one of our couples who is returning is Chelsea and Kwame. Hi, guys. Hi. Whoop-whoop! You all had a very happy ending. Oh, yeah. You called it a fairy tale. How are y'all doing? We are doing great. ( laughs ) We are so proud and happy, almost two years of marriage, which is crazy, but it feels like ten. ( laughing ) woman 27: Whoo-wee! woman 28: Yay! Back in the day, I remember Kwame talking about the sacrifices he was having to make for your marriage and how much he wanted a somewhat nomadic lifestyle. And, Chelsea, I hear you have a big job shift that's allowed maybe more of that to happen. You care to share anything about that? Absolutely. I have an amazing privilege and honor to help cast for Love Is Blind. ( cheering ) Chelsea 1: Thank you. man 2: Whoo! And it has been incredibly fulfilling for me and so special to be a part of it. And I get to talk to brave, bold, courageous singles all over the United States that may make the leap that we all did. And it has been important and meaningful work for me, and it has opened up a lifestyle that has allowed us to travel and have more of kind of that free spirit in our day to day, and it's been truly a blessing for us. Nick: So you get to travel more. Where's the most exciting place you've traveled recently? We've done a lot. I mean, our honeymoon was to Italy... Um, Greece. Greece, Türkiye. Türkiye! Uh, incredible trip overall. But I would say, despite those being kind of the amazing, scenic, special trips, I think the ones that mean the most are the ones we get to take, uh, back East Coast. Go to DC and go see my family. We spent a lot of time. Um, Chelsea's bonded really closely with my nieces and my nephew. We have Halloweens together where we dress up. We were all superheroes together. Kwame: So I mean, we've done a lot of really cool things. But I think, like, those are the most meaningful trips. We're going to Hawaii tomorrow, so... Vanessa: Wait. Ooh! Nick, if you're home... Nick: Stay at the house! ( laughing ) Vanessa: Yeah! Nick: We got you. Vanessa: I love it. Thank you guys so much for sharing. See you in Hawaii. Chelsea 1: See ya. Do your shakas. ( laughing ) ( cheering ) So right next to you, I'm watching Micah and Izzy kind of... Something seems to be going on over there. Um, you guys have a little announcement. Micah: A little? Should this be the time for them to share that with everybody? Do you wanna share? Izzy, do you wanna tell 'em? Izzy: I think you should tell them. So Izzy and I are actually gonna be on the next season of Perfect Match. ( laughing ) ( cheering ) man 3: Hey! Hey! Micah: Very excited for it. That's right. Micah and Izzy will actually be joining me on the next season of Perfect Match, coming this summer along with... Jessica, who's joining us. ( all laughing ) ( cheering ) Nick: Guys, I had so much fun being a part of season one. It's really exciting to have you be a part of season two. So thank you very much. Something that happens with the Love Is Blind community is the friendships, the sisterhood, the brotherhood, the relationships that build. And Jessica, you and Micah have bonded. Yeah, I feel like it's hard for people to imagine someone that looks like that could have, like, a heart of true gold, but I've never in my life met someone who is so kind, such an amazing mother and one of the biggest rocks I've ever had in my entire life. And she's gonna make someone very happy some day. ( laughs ) Nick: I second that. Micah: Whoever that guy is, he's gonna be very lucky. Aww. Aww. Thank you, friend. Thank you. So, Izzy, what's been going on with you since the last time we saw you? Catch us up. ( sighs ) Not much, man, just enjoying life, been traveling. And I think the best part of it all is the credit's fixed, you know? ( laughing ) Izzy: We're here, baby! We're here! man 4: Oh, man. woman 29: Yay! woman 30: Izzy! ( Izzy shouts indistinctly ) ( cheering ) Izzy: Come on! ( laughing ) Nick: Dinner's on Izzy tonight! I can't complain, man. Life's been great. Vanessa: I love it. Well, we wanna end this on a happy note and kind of ask you guys what was your favorite part through this process. What do you miss most about being on Love Is Blind? I mean, you're the OGs now, the Original Gangstas. ( splutters ) Mish La... Mish La... Miss Lachey... ( laughing ) Izzy: Take the wine away! Brennon: Like you said, it's therapy. That "Love Is Wine" is too good! ( laughing ) Brennon: Y'all are great! And watching the show back, it's like therapy, we love it. Vanessa: Did you say you'd miss... No, it's like therapy... Watching the show is like therapy. We talk, and we pause it, and we talk. And kind of just dive into everything. And thank y'all for sharing y'all stories. I miss production. Production was always so great. Vanessa: What are y'all gonna miss about this whole ride? Ms. Lachey, the food. I miss the food. Vanessa: The food? Well, on that note... Clay? Did I see a video of you microwaving Gatorade? ( laughing ) Yeah, what was that? woman 31: What? Honestly, uh... ( clears throat ) ( laughing ) I would just tell America that I would never put liquid in a plastic in a microwave. These mugs really good, man. Noodles and red sauce. ( beeps ) Vanessa: It may have been an optical illusion, a reflection. I think so too. Vanessa: You do not microwave Gatorade. Nick: You cannot believe everything you read out there. I mean, guys, I, for one, am starving. Do you guys wanna dive in? Let's do it! Thank you to the Love Is Blind family for returning today. Thank you to our season six friends for opening your hearts and sharing your journeys with us. We cannot wait to see you all back here on our couches at a future reunion. Just like our OGs. Thank you to our OGs. Yep, and thank you all very much. Here's to love! The search, the journey... Vanessa: And happy endings! Nick: We'll see you next time! ( cheering ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Live my life... ♪ ( shouts ) Clay: Ready? I'm not above you. all: I'm not above you. I'm not below you. all: I'm not below you. I'm right here with you. all: I'm right here with you. ( cheering ) ♪ Live my life ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ Live my life ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ Live my life ♪
( pop music playing ) Welcome to Love Is Blind! ( cheering ) Nick: You all will have the opportunity to fall in love based solely on who you are on the inside. The thing I yearn for is for someone to truly love me for the person that I am. Yeah. I didn't think I would fall in love this way, and it's like, I did. ( chuckles ) Vanessa: And if you fall in love, you'll get engaged. Will you please make me the happiest man alive and marry me? Yes! ( laughing ) Johnny laughs: Oh, my God. Will you marry me? I will 1,000% marry you. Let's go! Vanessa: Then you'll finally see your fiancée for the very first time. ( chuckles ) Hi! Hey, baby! ( laughing ) How are you, my love? ( pop music playing ) ♪ Call it love... ♪ Nick: Up until now, your attraction has been based entirely in an emotional connection. Vanessa: Hopefully, you turn that emotional connection into a physical one. Johnny: When people said, "She takes your breath away," I thought it was for a second or two, not for, like, ten to 15 minutes. Like, I found her. Like, that's it. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Show me the future... ♪ He makes me feel really heard and really seen. ( laughing ) Clay: I got so much stronger with you. I'm gonna be a great father. I can't wait. Rock with me, I'mma take you to the moon. Yeah? Yeah? ( laughs ) I promise you. May I marry your daughter? Yes. ♪ Be the one that makes me see... ♪ Amy: We're right where we're meant to be. I'm excited to marry Johnny. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Fight for love... ♪ Nick: Will looks, race, lifestyle or insecurities tear them apart? I know you fսckеd her! And you told me that! Brittany: I want so badly to be able to experience that crave that I had with you in the pods. Not enough for us to get married. ♪ Don't give up... ♪ I made the wrong decision in the pods. I want us to be together. You are not a man. You're not man enough for me. You never fսck¡ng have been, okay? ( snorts ) Your engagement just ended. Sometimes I feel like you will choose, like, convenience and comfort over coming back to the apartment. ♪ Fight for love... ♪ Are we gonna get married? Where are you at with being able to give an answer? Chelsea: Um... ♪ Fight for love ♪ ( pop music playing ) ♪ We're getting closer, baby ♪ ( vocalizing ) I love you so much, and I have no doubt in my mind that you're my person. ♪ Think of me, think of me, baby ♪ But are we gonna get married? Because I haven't even got a grasp of where you're at. ( exhales ) Where are you at with being able to give an answer? Um, it's been intense for me. It's literally been a roller coaster of emotions and going with the process and really, really truly... seeing if I can see this moving forward in a marriage. Jimmy: Mm-hmm. Right now, I can. ( chuckles ) We can have fun together. We know that, but we also have dealt with some crap, and we've gotten through it. Yeah. So we know we can handle conflict, and we know we can handle the hard times, but, like, I do see a life with you. I see you being an amazing husband. I see you being an amazing dad. Yesterday, I was a little... I think I was just having an off day, and I think, like, both of us were just working a ton. And so were you. Yeah. Um, but... today, I feel more secure and confident in moving forward with you. And I feel really, really good. Every day, you've done exactly what I would want in a wife. I love you to death, and I want a relationship with you. And I want us to work so bad. Mm-hmm. But I don't wanna go to the altar. I can't. ( exhales ) Okay. Um... The other day, with the rest of the guys and the rest of the couples, you've said it, like, literally three times since then about Amy and Johnny being the strongest couple... I said it because we were working through some things, and I thought that we have, and for you to just sit here and tell me that you're not gonna... Like, you're set on not going, right? Am I getting that? You're set on not going? I'm set on not going. Why did you propose to me? I feel you weren't even trying to get married. You don't think I was trying to get married? I did not expect this right now. We were just picking our songs for walking into the fսck¡ng reception. Are you kidding me? Why did you treat me like you did today? We had the best day today. Why didn't you tell me then? Why did you waste my time here? 'Cause you just wanted to do this? The only opportunity is to tell you when I feel it. I feel like you've known you were gonna say no this entire time, and you just wasted my time. You told me two weeks ago that you thought that I didn't love you. I took a step back and said "I'm willing to try" because I love you that much. Like, I love you. I love you too. When you know, you know. I do love you. ( gasps ) But you're saying, like, "I love you, but not enough." I'm not saying I don't... that it's... That's what it sounds like. I love you. I think the world of you. I was so optimistic when I started this process that if I put myself out there, I would find my person. That led me to you. That's the greatest thing I've ever done single-handedly. It was hard, but it was the greatest thing I've ever done. And before that damn argument, I was so set! Before you lied to me, before you called me "clingy," before you did everything to me that I've gone through the wringer for for you. I'm, like, walking on eggshells with you. I can't tell you things that hurt my feelings because you get so upset. Like what? Like, you're so set on not going because of our one argument. I'm just, like... That is blowing my mind. It's not... Okay, well, you're condensing it down to one argument, but it's, like, five or six really big issues that, like, really hit home and hurt my feelings. I told you out of confidence about one of my friends that I had a prior relationship with. You threw that in my fսck¡ng face. You disrespected her. You disrespected me. So just because I... Let me... I'm still talking. No, I need to interfere with that. It made me uncomfortable because you guys text and you call all day. So someone you slept with, that made me uncomfortable. I get that you told me in confidence to protect your reputation, but it made me feel a certain type of way, so that's unfair. It's unfair. Jimmy: Okay. So that was... That was less recent than your ex-boyfriend that you still hang out with. I don't call him, and I don't hang out with him! No, I do not. The first night we got engaged, and we got our phones back, you FaceTimed him! I said we have a mutual friendship. And I don't see him. I don't text him. I don't call him every day. That is different. Okay. You just, like... ( scoffs ) continue to spur things out that, like, I'm embarrassed of, and... Yes, I did bring it up. Did I apologize for bringing it up in the way I did? Yes, I did. I'm really sorry I brought it up on camera when you asked me not to, to protect your reputation, but it was my feelings. I needed to bring it up. It isn't my reputation. I don't care about it. It's hers that I care about. That's messed up for any future guy that she has anything with... I'm sorry you guys had a little secret little love triangle! Exactly. That makes me reluctant to tell you things, and that's a problem. That's what you keep bringing up, so keep going. Keep going. What else do I do that you can't see yourself marrying me for, 'cause... All I'm saying is is that night was such a big step back that I cannot fathom marrying you after that. My... I tried! You know what I think it is? I think it's an excuse. It's not an excuse. So you calling me clingy, you saying that I... You were being clingy. We're getting married! Should I have broken up with you the day you called me clingy? Yes! Or to say you didn't want to have sеx, and I was pushing it on you? Jimmy: When did I say that? Really? That you wanted to pull back 'cause I was the one who wanted to have sеx with you and you didn't? Disrespect. When did I say that? The night you called me clingy! You got drunk and said that "I do not want to be here!" You throw in the towel with one issue? That was not one issue. That's marriage! That's marriage. Marriage is not easy! You broke my trust to the deepest degree. You broke my trust! I didn't tell the world your darkest secrets. Your deepest darkest secrets is fսck¡ng your friend? Okay, continue to throw it in my face. Continue reminding me why I'm making the right decision. Chelsea: Listen. I was so hopeful for us. ( sniffles ) ( gasps ) ( "Strange Days" by the Born Love playing ) ♪ I don't know where I stand... ♪ ( sniffles ) ♪ Always spinning around ♪ ♪ Will I ever land... ♪ ( sobbing ) ♪ If black is white and up is down... ♪ ( sobbing ) ♪ Will I find the ground? ♪ ( singer vocalizing ) ( sniffles ) ( gasps ) ( sobbing ) ( sobbing ) ♪ Hold on, my friend, hold on ♪ ( pop music playing ) ♪ Everybody wants you now ♪ ♪ Na-na, na-na ♪ ♪ I guess they just can't help it Too bad you look so good ♪ ♪ Everybody wants you... ♪ ( cheering ) ( chattering ) ( laughing ) Amy: Tonight is my bachelorette party. I'm excited to live it up as my last night as a single woman. ( shouting ) woman: Yes! Wait, put Clay's face up! ( laughing ) woman: There it is! AD: You're so silly! I can't. ( laughing ) I miss him! ( laughing ) Okay, well, wait, I gotta see it! Oh, girl! Girl! It's beautiful! Your hand sittin' heavy? Right! Help me! We're gonna schedule an appointment to the chiropractor. 'Cause you gonna be walking like this. ( laughing ) That's me. I'm like, "I just can't put it in my pocket, honey!" ( laughing ) ♪ Throw me into The thunder and lightning ♪ ♪ I don't care, I don't care ♪ Nate: This is y'all's party time! Clay: Yo! ( laughing ) Damn! The bachelor party! ( Clay humming ) ( laughing ) man: This is actually the last ride? Clay: Yeah. Johnny: Hey, there! What's going on? You know why we're here. ( laughing ) That's funny. Thank you very much. All right, bring it in, fellas. Hey! Nate: Yes, sir! Cheers it up. Let's have a night. This is y'all's night. Josh J.: Repeat after me. I ain't above you. all: I ain't above you. Josh J.: Ain't below you. all: Ain't below. But I'm here with you. all: I'm right here with you. Yeah! Cheers! Johnny: What is this guy? I think they got something! Clay: "The groom to be"? Josh J.: Oh, man! Johnny: Dang! Johnny: Groom to be. Be! Be! Oh! Let's go, baby. ( Johnny laughs ) Grooms to be. I'm really happy that it's me and you though, man. Josh J.: What are the girls doing? I saw AD. She had some shaking-ass pants. So I feel like they got, like... Dude, so does Amy. So does Amy. Who knows where they at. Like, "I don't know if I wanna leave." I know. I wanna see you put that on! ( laughing ) ( dance music playing ) ♪ He's perfect, I'm flawless ♪ ♪ I'm fire, the hottest... ♪ Hey! ( cheering ) ♪You want it, I've got it ♪ ( cheering ) ♪ Ah! Ah! Ah... ♪ AD: Getting a chance to dance and let my hair down! I've been waiting for this moment for so long! ( laughing ) That is my Scorpio queen! ♪ Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ha-ha! ♪ I'm ready to be Mrs. Gravesande. ( laughs ) Okay! This is my last night as a single woman. I'm having the best time, listen! Yes, yes, yes! I'm about to embark on a huge milestone, and the fact that I'm gonna get married to Johnny is absolutely insane to me, but I just feel so good. I'm so ready to be a future Mrs. Cortes-McIntyre! ( cheering ) AD: Oh, Mama! Come on, bride! I know, right? Come on, bride! We need to... ( laughs ) Not us getting married. Who would've thought? Let me tell you. Let me tell you. I just didn't think Johnny would be... He's very terrified of having kids. Okay. Like, hard no. That's fine because I don't want kids until... So you're not on birth control? No, I'm not on birth control. Are y'all having sеx? We're waiting it out a little bit. So you haven't had sеx? You haven't had sеx yet? ( laughing ) You haven't had sеx? We're having a great time. You haven't had sеx? ( laughs ) We're having fun, but we're being careful. So you're gonna buy the car without the test drive? ( laughs ) That's love. That's love. Listen, it's deeper than love. I love that man, and he loves me. As you should. ( laughs ) You don't gotta pretend with me. Ain't no way! That girl is too spicy. She's fսck¡ng that man! But... ( laughing ) Listen, I'm not... I'm not buying a car if I don't get a test drive, so... Good for her! But she's fսck¡ng that man. ( laughing ) I'm just... Love you, Amy. Girl, he gonna eat it up. One thing about Johnny, he's gonna eat you up. I'm sure. ( laughs ) He loves you. He loves you. 'Cause the thing is, if they were to say no... "What are you doing?" The way that I would cut Johnny... My trust issues... What do you think? Johnny, I don't think... 100%, like, he's gonna say yes. 100% yes! I told him, "You better tell me," but I'm scared. I'm, like, 2% scared. Like, barely. But I'm scared that, like, once you're actually present in the moment... You feel 98% yes. I'm ready for this. Johnny, throw this next one like Amy's watching. Oh! Josh J.: Come on! Come on. It's truly magical that, like, we're closing a chapter of one book, and we're starting the next chapter together. I can't wait. I really can't wait. Clay: We're in a very good space. Like, the sеx has been good, like, the chemistry has been good, like... You know, in terms of her just coming into my space and, like, just being comfortable, that's been perfect. It's just like best-friend vibes. Like, we just love each other. She really sees me for, like, who I am as a person and, like, validates that. And, like, she's willing to, like, go to bat for that. She's willing to, like, fight for me and, like, keep this relationship going. 'Cause I'm a lot. I'm a lot to deal with. Even y'all being my friends, I'm a lot to handle and be around with on a daily basis. Anybody that's willing to fight for me, I'm gonna fight for them as well, so to me, it's like, I'll go to war with AD. She's willing to go to war with me. I do love AD, and to me, to love someone is a big deal. Even though I have a lot of my flaws, I never had a woman be comfortable with my flaws, and I cherish that fully. I can tell she really loves me. Nate: Okay. Clay: Everybody's got their own ideas of what they want with marriage. I wanna be the best father. I wanna be the best husband. I feel like she deserves the best. You know, going through this with you, just been seeing growth. You know what I'm saying? Um, I mean, the process is actually working out the way it's supposed to. With me and AD working out, like, when the wedding day comes, we could do that for a long haul. I'm grateful that I was able to look at myself and challenge myself and be better every single day, where I'm able to see myself as, "Wow, I can get married." It's fսck¡ng wild. It's really wild, man. Just me and you, like... ( laughing ) It's crazy. Like, I, like, I don't even have words to say, like, my emotions and, like, how I feel towards this moment. Cheers to us being the last two though, honestly, Johnny. I wouldn't have it any other way. Cheers. I wouldn't have it any other way either. ( chuckles ) And it's probably what's meant to be, you know? Like, you know, I think that we've both changed so much through this process, and we really dove in the experiment and, like, gave it our all. We wore our heart on our sleeve. I dove 100% into it. That's it. Mm-hmm. I was never, like, iffy or "oh, whatever," like... Give 100%, and I like that. I mean, I do wanna fight for AD. Like, I can see myself married to AD, you know? Cheers to AD and Amy. AD and Amy. ( "Better Together" playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ I thought I needed you ♪ ♪ Now I know I do ♪ ♪ We're better together ♪ ♪ We're so much better together... ♪ Thank you. ( gasps ) This is so cute! I'm feeling amazing. It's my wedding day! ( shouts, laughs ) Oh, my gosh! ( laughing ) Oh, my gosh... ♪ You and I, all day and night, yeah! ♪ Shut up! I just never in a billion, gazillion, katrillion years would have thought that I would be here. ( gasps ) ( mutters ) The first of seven siblings to be getting married. And it's happening for me today. Oh, my gosh. I see a beautiful life, a beautiful future with Clay. I think I showed him over this course of time the kind of wife that I wanna be, the kind of woman I wanna be in his life. And I think that's what got us this far, to be completely honest, because without my confidence... ( laughing ) ...we would probably be stuck in the pods somewhere. I want you to understand that, like, if we do take this journey together, it is going to be a journey of, like, roller coaster up and down, but it will never deter my love. Clay: Yeah. Like, I will never stop loving you. Clay: I just wanna read this verse if I could, okay? AD: Mm-hmm. "Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding." "In all your ways, submit to Him." "And He will always make your path straight." Yeah. I didn't think I would fall in love. And, it's like, I did. ( chuckles ) Clay: I'm ready to take this next step with you. So, I need to know! Will you take my lovely hand in marriage and walk this life with me? And rock out with your boy, Clay? ( shouts ) ( chuckles ) ( gasps ) Oh, my gosh! Yes, absolutely, 100%! ( both laughing ) Let's go! ( shouting ) Clay: You definitely deserve love. I chose you, and that's why I'm here, you know, for you to show me the way and just, like, always love me for who I actually am. Like, to me, that was the most validating thing I think I could have. I said it once. I'll say it again. I got you. My dad cheated year seven into the marriage. I just feel like it affected my mom. So it's like I'm very fearful. I don't wanna be in a situation where I'm ever gonna cheat. I'm not afraid. Mm-hmm. And I think there will be times where I am, and I'll need you. And I think right now is a time where you are, and you need me a bit more. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm okay with that. 100%. I love hearing that. I'm okay with that. Clay: You're my person that I could come to for comfort. You've been awesome to me, and me being with you, and, like, the person I've become, it's, like, incredible. Ooh, your whole body! ( laughing ) I'm gonna pick this up. Aww! ( Clay grunts ) ( shouting ) ( shouts ) Hi! Hi! AD laughing: Oh, my God! Hi! How are you feeling? ( humming ) Wedding day! all: ♪ It's wedding day! ♪ ( laughing ) AD: So happy y'all are here. What is this? AD: This is Clay's ring. Tesh: Wow! Is that "the ring"? The ring. You're gonna slide it on his finger, then he's your husband. Then he's my husband. I fell in love with Clay because he is just so real and so raw and authentic. And we just mesh together so well. Like, almost, like, perfectly, I would say. It just fits. He makes me feel like I can just be myself. I don't have to be all giddy and bubbly all the time. Or however I'm feeling in that moment, I can just be. I mean, you add that on top of the fact that he's so fine and chocolate. It's really a recipe for greatness. That's the ring. Just like that. It's happening. Will you be my husband? ( laughs ) ( "Love Somebody Again" playing ) ♪ I swore that I was done ♪ ♪ 'Cause nothing seems to last ♪ ♪ I had a broken heart It couldn't fill those cracks ♪ ♪ I threw it all away ♪ ♪ I never thought That I could love somebody ♪ ♪ Love somebody... ♪ Clay: Today is my wedding day. I'm happy that I'm here, and AD's rockin' with me, and I love her. ♪ ...walking in ♪ ♪ I never thought That I could love somebody... ♪ This is the biggest decision I'm gonna have to make, but I'm ready. Little celebration. One of the reasons why I fell in love with her is that she believed in me. She's my best friend. I could ride with her till the wheels fall off. Beauty does wear out as you get older, but who is that person that you're connected with forever, you know? ♪ You came walking in ♪ ♪ And now I know That I can love somebody ♪ ♪ Love somebody again ♪ Nate! Nate: What's up? What up? What up? How you doing, bro? man 2: Hey. It's real good seeing you! Clay: Langst! Langston: What up? Nate: Langst came with us! ( laughing ) What's up, man? What up? That boy! What's good with you? How you feeling? Can't complain, man! Feeling all right. Feeling all right. You look good! Oh, I appreciate it. It's dope. It's dope as hell, man. I'm not a perfect guy, and, um, everything about our relationship hasn't been perfect. But it's been right for us. It's been very on-brand, and that's what I love. It's a big day, right? Clay: Big day. Probably the biggest day of your life at this point. So, uh, cheers to you, your growth, taking that next step as a man. Cheers to that. Nate: It's serious, man. Josh J.: Hell yeah. Cheers to that. ( pop music playing ) ♪ ...your story ♪ ♪ Things in your passages here ♪ Hey, Ma! ( laughing ) Don't start. Don't start. Jacqueline: I'll keep it together. Keep it together. Love you so much. There's time for crying. I love you too. You look good! You look so gorgeous. It's happening. What? Mm! AD: You wanna scream. She wanna scream so bad! Jacqueline: I got some stuff. Yeah, come have a seat. I met someone. You met someone? Jacqueline: Yes. Clay's mom! Tesh: Wow! Did we not have a good time? I bet y'all did. Yes, we did. Y'all are two peas in a damn pod! ( laughing ) I know you did! Yes. I know you did! Is she not solid? I told you! That's a good woman. That's who I would have picked to be your mother-in-law. I would have picked her. Nothing less than... I would have picked her. 'Cause she was real. ( voice breaking ) The way she talked about you. Clearly, I already knew that, but the way that she talked about you. Yeah. That's, like, big, you know? So... Tesh: Do you think Clay will be a good husband or a good future father? I think Clay's gonna be a great daddy. Which kind? He's already just, like, such a protector, such a provider already. Those are the two top qualities that I'm looking for in a husband. You gotta protect and provide. Right. And Clay's protecting and providing. ( "Humans in Love" playing ) ♪ Why don't we touch? ♪ ♪ Like humans in love ♪ Nate: How are you mentally? Do you feel like you're ready for this right now? I am at peace with... I'm happy of the man that I became, like, through this process. Like, I came from one place of just being like, "There's no way that I can even fall in love." Like, I felt like love was just so distant from me, and, like, I found love in the pods. Like, to me, that's a big deal, Nate, 'cause you know me. I'm a... I know you. Like, I'm not that type of guy. Know what I mean? I'm just not that type of guy. You're not that guy! I'm not that guy! I'm not that guy! Not that guy. Yeah, uh, but I became that guy. You know, I became him. Nate: Became him. ( laughing ) What's up, bro? No, I'm happy to hear that. Just because, like... I don't know. Me and Langston, we know you. Josh knows you. Josh knows you. Yeah. Feel me? So I can tell you decided to open up more and be more transparent. Yeah. Yeah, that's a big deal. Langston: I feel it. I wasn't as transparent. And I'm more emotionally vulnerable and empathetic. AD has been really, you know, patient with me with this whole experiment. That's good, bro. And I've never been in a position where I chose somebody every day, chose somebody besides myself every single day. Marriage, it's a two-man relay. Y'all have strengths. Clay: Yeah. She may be best to pop it off, and you may be a better closer, finisher. I think that's really how you gotta think about marriage and being a team, despite you being an "I" person. Like, you still gotta pull your part, but you also have to find ways to depend on your partner to boost you, enhance you, like... Motivate. Josh U.: Motivate, yeah, all of that. No, definitely. It's a teamwork. Yeah, I need that. 'Cause I can't do that myself. Yeah! AD makes me feel like a man's man, and I can lead her in battle of this game called life. So you know, she validates me, and she makes me feel like a better version of myself. And I think that that's important in marriage. I feel like this is like the finals of a graded test paper, but, you know, we're here today, and I'm here to ace it, so let's go. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Tell me that you feel this way ♪ ♪ I want you to feel the same... ♪ I wanna give you something. Okay. This was my grandmother's, and she gave it to my mother. My mother gave it to me. AD: Whoo! Oh, my gosh. What a delicate little thing. ( laughing ) It's... It is her jade necklace that she had. AD: Whoa! Wow. Jacqueline: And... Yeah. Yep, yep, beautiful. Tesh: So cute. Tamicka: That's really nice. Thank you. Thank you, Mother. Spread your wings though. ♪ Tell me that you feel this way ♪ ♪ I want you to feel the same... ♪ Dad! ( chuckles ) Clay, what's good? What's good? What's up? I didn't think I was gonna even see you. ( laughs ) What's up, baby? Hey, what's up, man? Good seeing you. Yeah. You're looking good, man. I appreciate it. ( laughing ) Whoo! God damn, Dad! God damn, you gotta outshine me? So help me with my tux. Yeah, no problem. You told me green. You know. Yeah, I like that! Dang! Drop your hands before you pull that up. Okay. Go ahead, put your hands in. Good. This way it comes up evenly. Nice. Yes, sir. How you feeling? Feeling good, man. Good. Dad, you know, I got your watch. ( laughing ) I'mma put that on right in the moment. That's what's up. That's what's up. I can't believe. This suit is too clean. ( laughing ) Stop. Ain't that like... You looking sharp, man. Well, I appreciate it, man. Yeah, yeah. Clay, you know what I was laughing at? What? Before you got into track and field... Yeah. ...when I took you out running, the first time, I beat you. Clay: Yeah, yeah. I'm talking all this stuff. "You gotta do this. You gotta do that," right? And then one day you beat me so bad. Yeah. ( laughing ) You were way before me! I couldn't believe it! I felt good. Like, "Okay, yeah, damn, I must be getting better or Dad's out of shape." ( laughing ) I wasn't out of shape. You were just... Yeah. On another level. You took your thing to another level. Because track was always my thing. Yeah. Yeah. You know, high school, All-American. College, All-American. United States, um, Olympic teams. I came as close as the Millrose Games, and I pulled that hamstring. Clay: I remember. You told me. But outside of that, I was just... I was living vicariously through you. Yeah, yeah. I just wanted you to get where... The highest I could get to. Let me tell you. We got there, man. We got there. I couldn't be more proud. It's every father's dream, you know, to have kids that are successful, and... ( scoffs ) I don't even have to tell you anything about you, you know? But, um, but you know... Yeah. I gotta tell you this, okay? A lot of what I was sharing with you guys and with sincerity, um, I didn't get from my father. 'Cause my father wasn't... He wasn't present. He wasn't present. You know, he was doing his own thing. Your grandmother was present. Yeah. She was there. Even though I've never seen any other man but my father, right, he came into the house, he was just like, you know, he was in his own world. Yeah, didn't wanna be bothered. But for me, here's what your grandmother always said to me. "Treat your wife well." "Be good to your kids." Clay: Yeah. She didn't have to tell me to be good to my kids. That came natural. Clay: Yeah. You know, when it comes to right and wrong, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if everybody else is, like, in your ear telling you, "Do this, do that." You gotta trust yourself. Yeah. Me and my dad haven't really had too much deep conversations. Like, in terms of words, that was the most he poured in me my whole life. You know, my dad was married to my mom for 25 years. My dad used to take me with him when he used to cheat on my mom. My mom never knew that. I wanna know, "Were you in love the whole time?" I've seen him from a different perspective, and there's a gray area when it comes to marriage, and I'm just so big on that gray area, and I just don't hear too many men articulate that gray area. Couple hours, man, it's gonna be the big stage, you know. But, you know, one thing about me, Dad, I'm used to big stages. I'm used to the pressure. Yeah, no doubt. It's nothing that I ain't used to, you know. It's a Gravesande thing. I feel good. I feel at peace. I've grown so much through this process, and I'm so happy with that. And, you know, AD, you know, she was an amazing person that I connected with through this process. But, uh, in this moment, it's just, like, so surreal. Like, so much things are going through my head. Uh, so I'm kind of, like, overwhelmed. I'm not gonna lie. You think you're beaten, you are. You think you dare not, you don't. If you'd like to win, but think you can't, it's almost a cinch you won't, right? If you think you'll lose, you've lost. Out in the world, you find success begins with a fearless will. So all in the state of mind. If you think you're outclassed, you are. Gotta think high. You gotta be sure of yourself. You, okay? Clay: Mm-hmm. You know, if you wanna win that prize, it comes down to life doesn't always go to the faster or stronger man, but the one who wins is the one who thinks he can. It's just believing in who you are. Yeah, yeah. My dad always was a suave guy. I looked up to my dad. I loved how smooth he was. So the pros of my dad, I identified and wanted to be like my dad. But I didn't know that I took some of his cons as well. And this process is bringing a lot of truth to me. And, uh, it's just tough to look yourself in the mirror and be like... "I'm causing a lot of issues in my life." "I'm causing a lot of stress in my life." I believe that me being married will be great for me. And although people will say, "Don't let your past dictate your future," the man he is, I'm a lot like my dad. You know, this thing called life, man. Yeah. Just stay true to yourself. Love you. ( grunts ) Oh, man, appreciate you coming. Appreciate you. Thanks, man. Yeah. All right. Enjoy yourself, man. Oh, yeah, no doubt. Yeah. We have some drinks too. Trevor: No, I'm good. Yeah. So I can leave out this way? Yep. I'll see you, Dad. I love you, man. Trevor: Mm-hmm. Yep. Trevor exhales: Love you. ( pop music playing ) ♪ All this love ♪ ♪ All this love ♪ ♪ Is waiting here for you, you... ♪ ( sighs ) Tesh: Wow. You look so good. Yeah? Tesh: Yeah. ♪ All this love... ♪ My goodness. Tesh: Oh, my God! ( chuckles ) Tesh: Oh, my God! Yes! Wow! Wow! Oh, my God! Wow. Wow! ( AD laughs ) Tamicka: Gorgeous. Beautiful. Tesh: Look at that shape. That's a perfect fit. Jacqueline: Mm-hmm. Tamicka: Oh, yes. Tesh: You look good! Tamicka: Oh, my gosh, Amber! Look at you. Tamicka: Oh, my God. AD: That leg, yeah. ( humming ) ( laughing ) Wait. Get it! Get it! Get it! Get it! Get it! Get it! The heels with that. Look at you! This is the necklace Clay gave me. all: Aww! ( laughing ) Figure I'd throw it on. Aw, he's not gonna be able to talk. ( laughing ) But he will get out an "I do." But he's gonna absolutely say, "I knew that voice on the other side of that was for me." Yeah. Jacqueline: You got this. AD: Yeah. You're gorgeous. Thank you. You see all these women and young people behind you? We are family. We're here. So gorgeous. Thank you. Jacqueline: Go out there and enjoy your day, your moment and, um, fly. Just... Thank you. ( sniffles ) Love you, Jack. Love you more, AD. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Standing here in this beautiful gown seconds away from walking down the aisle to my fiancé, I have butterflies. ( laughs ) I am a little shaky. I got you. I know. Clay and I, we both come from divorced parents. It's very rare that you see, like, people fighting for each other. But it's like when you find someone that will fight with you and fight for you... it's worth it, for sure. I just never envisioned this for me, and the fact that it's happening... is... ( laughs ) is crazy. ( "With Me" playing ) ♪ Are you with me? ♪ ♪ These old words are never told ♪ ♪ But lately I've been feeling ♪ ♪ So much bolder than before... ♪ ( chattering ) ♪ So here it goes ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ Do you hear me? ♪ ♪ Can you feel me? ♪ ♪ Are you with me? ♪ Whoa, Mom. How do you feel seeing my name up here? ( laughing ) It is... weird. ( laughing ) Uh, but... Clay: I appreciate you being here. At the end of the day, that's the most important thing. Mm. I love you, Mom. I love you too. I love you. I always was a mama's boy. You always will be, you know? ( laughing ) Yeah. But you look good, and I'm proud of you. And, you know, whatever the decision is, I support you completely. Clay: Mm-hmm. This is Grandma's ring. I know. I wanted to make sure she was here. Mm-hmm. She's a silent partner. She's a silent partner. ( laughing ) This is, uh, surreal. Are you good? I'm good. I'm positive. I feel good. Margarita: Just yield into your feelings. You know? Um... Yep. You are amazing. You guys look good. I can't wait to see her. Mm-hmm. Me too. And when you see her, you're going to get emotional. I'm telling you. Because there's something about seeing her walk down the aisle. I don't know really what it is, but it is something powerful. Clay: Mm-hmm. Um... So just yield into it. Yeah, yes. Embrace it, you know? Yes. I think we're about to go, Ma. Margarita: You good? Clay: I'm good. I'm at peace, peace, peace. Divine order. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father, for your blessing. Clay: Thank you. ( dramatic music playing ) It's the real moment. ( chuckles ) Margarita: As it should be, but you deserve it. Clay: Yep, yep, yep, yep. Hello. Taylor. How you doing? You doing all right? How I'm looking? I'm looking good? You look amazing. Like a husband? ( laughs ) Let's go. Margarita: He's nervous. Taylor: I know he is. That's okay. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Oh, I know, know, know Where I wanna be ♪ ♪ Maybe one day we'll have a family ♪ ♪ Marry me ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh ♪ ♪ Marry me ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh ♪ ( gasps ) ( wedding march playing ) ( gasps ) ( gasping ) Oh, my... ( laughs ) It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. You worked for this. It's fine, okay? ( attendees chattering ) ( AD laughs ) woman 3: Let's go, girl. ( laughing ) Okay. ( laughing ) ( gasps ) Okay! Body. Do you see the material? ( gasps ) Oh, my God. ( laughing ) ( chuckles ) You okay? AD: No. Oh, my God. Oh, you look good. Thank you. Look at you. Got that sh¡t on. Period. ( Clay chuckles ) Hi! You look good. Look at you. Dang! ( laughing ) minister: You all may be seated. AD: Oh, my God. You okay? You look beautiful. Thank you. Like it? Look good in the chain, beautiful. Thank you, baby. minister: I would like to welcome you all to a grand union. A union of two. A dedication. Many have chosen lifelong partnerships, but today, we celebrate yours. Your love, your time, your declaration. Today, we celebrate the union of Clay and Amber. You chose to get engaged and spend the rest of your lives together based on a deep emotional connection. You fell in love with each other based on who you are in the inside and decided to get married sight unseen. AD, the whole sight unseen, you already know I was resistant to that. Very much. "I need to know what you look like before I propose." You came through. You popped out. I saw you, and I was like, "I can work with that." ( laughing ) I gave you something. You know? AD: Something. But, honestly, AD, I feel as though, like, I became such a better man dealing with you through this whole process, and I wanna thank you for your patience, 'cause Lord knows, I'm a lot to handle, a lot to deal with, and just your patience, and you know, you just being able to be adaptable with me, navigate through the turbulence. I always said the reason I love you is the fact that whenever we have an issue, we are able to come back the next day, and talk about it and get to another point. I love that fact. It's a real relationship. And although this has been an expedited process, I think me and you have been so authentic. We've had those real uncomfortable conversations and got to the point we're at now. Yeah. It's like I'm so happy that we're here. The mental fortitude to go through... ( exhales ) Talk about it. ...together, and it just shows that we are a fantastic team. Yeah. I gotta give a shout-out to you for just looking out for me. For real. ( laughing ) I got you. I got you. Clay: Thank you, girl. This is crazy. ( laughing ) Clay, honestly, from the moment that we actually really started connecting in the pods, my life has never been the same. You are a safe space for me. You are a home for me. We speak the same language. We love the same things. Mm-hmm. You are beautiful. You are intelligent. I love how raw you are, authentic. How personable and fun you are. Like, I love that we can just... ( shouts, screams ) Yeah, yep, yep. AD: Any minute of the day! ( Clay laughs ) AD: Like, it doesn't even matter. Clay: Yeah. I think you are a very powerful, powerful man. I see things in you that maybe you don't see. Clay: Mm-hmm. And those are things that I wanna continue to nourish for you, because I trust you. Yeah. I just appreciate the man that you are. And I appreciate the fact that we've even got this far. ( laughing ) 'Cause... I know. The work had to be put in. Okay. And you put in the work. You put in the work. Clay: Mm-hmm. That's why we're here, and I'm so proud of you, and I will always be proud of you. I'll always be your biggest fan, your biggest cheerleader. Always. Wow. minister: Clay and Amber, you chose each other based on an intense emotional connection. ( exhales ) minister: Looks, age, finances, all the superficial things of the world were not a factor for you two. I didn't say all that. ( laughing ) ( laughing ) Clay, Amber, as you stand here today before one another, take note that after you speak your vows, your lives will never be the same. As in Proverbs 3:5, "Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding." "In all your ways, submit to Him, and He will make your path straight." Now it's time to decide if love is blind. Will you get married and commit to face your life together as husband and wife or will you walk away forever? My heart is racing. My heart is, like, beating. I know. Me too. Me too. Amber. Whoa. ( exhales, chuckles ) Do you take Clay to live together in the union of marriage, to take him as your best friend and partner in life, to honor, cherish and love him from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health for all of your days? I do. ( laughs ) ( laughs ) ( Clay exhales ) Clay... do you take Amber to live together in a union of marriage? To take her as your best friend and partner in life, to honor, cherish and love her from this day forward, for better, for worse? For richer, for poorer? ( exhales ) minister: In sickness and in health for all of your days? ( dramatic music playing ) ( exhales ) This has been the best process. AD, I love you. I don't think it's responsible for me to say I do. But I want you to know that I'm rockin' with you, and I just don't think it's responsible for me to say I do at this point when I still need work. I still need to get to the point where I'm 100% in, and I'm not gonna have you over here thinking that this is not gonna work. I'mma put the work in for you. Wow. And we'll go through this together. I don't care what nobody says. I know fully I'm not ready for marriage. And you deserve the best. And if I'm not ready to give that 100%, I won't go there with you when I'm not ready. And I appreciate you, and I know that you will fight for me. We'll let it work. What the fսck? I know, but I can't say... I can't say yes right now. I'm sorry, AD. Clay... I'm sorry. What the fսck? But why does it matter, like, with the timeline? Why does that matter? Clay, don't do this. Clay: Mm. Okay. We good. Come on, baby. Thank you. You're so very welcome. I'm sorry. Thank you. Margarita: You're beautiful. I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you. ( pop music playing ) ♪ If there's somebody for everybody ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Tell me why ♪ ♪ Not for me... ♪ ( sighs ) ♪ No, not the life my mama said ♪ ♪ That it would be ♪ ♪ Stories I have read make it look easy ♪ ♪ My Mr. Right was always wrong ♪ ♪ He's good until he's gone ♪ ♪ Why can't it be? ♪ Josh U.: You all right? Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. Waste of my fսck¡ng time. I'm so confused! ( Clay grunts ) Margarita: I love you. I love you too. Margarita: Okay? Yes, Mom. AD sobbing: I'm just so upset. Tesh: That doesn't make you any less of a person. AD: I just need a moment, please. Jacqueline: Okay. AD: I just need a second. ( sobbing ) I'm just so confused. fսck¡ng idiot. ( sobbing ) I wanna make sure we're clear, we're crystal clear with what I'm about to say. Your dad and I were married for almost 24 years. You do not get to this point and think that you need to be forced with the "I do." Yeah. Because at the end of the day, it's what's in here. And if you're not 100% sure here, don't ever cross that line. I don't want to, like, bash him, y'all, 'cause I love this man, but I just don't understand. I'm just never enough. Like, never. Tesh: You're always enough. The other person is never enough. The other person is not enough. Amber, you just haven't met your person yet. And unfortunately, we thought it was gonna be Clay, and he fսckеd everyone over. ( sobbing ) So you good? I'm good. I'm good. I think, uh, it's a lot of emotions going on. Yeah, just breathe, you know? Yeah. It's just like, uh... Yeah, but you know what though? Let all that stuff go. Yeah, yeah. 'Cause I feel good about my decision. Like, I feel like I chose... I'm not ready to be married. Trevor: We're good with whatever decision you decide to make. Yeah. And don't second-guess yourself. At the end of the day, you gotta do what makes Clay comfortable. Because if you do it for any other reason, you're not gonna be happy. If you thought long and hard about this, guess what. That's the decision you live with. Clay: Yep. Trevor: And I'm proud of you, okay? Yeah. That's maturity, man. You're showing maturity. Yep. Come on, baby. You know what I'm saying, right? I know what you're saying. Okay, good, good. I got you, all right? Listen, man. Listen. Guess what. I loved you when you were born. I love you today. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing has changed, okay? I'm proud of you, okay? Clay: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna stay that way. All right. Clay: Me and AD have a great relationship, but it wasn't enough where I felt as though that, "This is the person I'm about to marry." Should I go talk to her? Uh, yeah, you can. You know what I mean? You definitely don't want to appear to be indifferent. Clay: Marriage is a unity of self. It's a unity of finances. It's a business decision. You know, I think there's stuff we should have built on. A lot of the work that needed to be done was my emotional empathy side. I think the finances, I looked at it, brushed it off, but finance is huge to me, and I don't understand her finances like that. At the end of the day, eternity is forever. And if I'mma be something forever, I wanna be locked in 100%. I looked at myself in the mirror and said, "Am I a husband?" And the answer was no. "Am I in deeply in love?" The answer was no. Those are two things, if you can't say yes to those answers, why are you getting married? Hey, AD. You okay? It's a bizarre question to ask someone. ( sniffles ) Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, AD. It was a game-time decision. Like, I thought about everything, AD. Like, I really was fսck¡ng struggling with everything this whole time. There's no world that exists where I don't understand that, Clay. But I'm saying, like, it's irresponsible of me to say yes in this time when I'm not ready to give you 100%, and you wouldn't want that. You wouldn't want me saying yes and being half-assed with marriage. You wouldn't want that. And I've said I'm not ready for that. Like, I'm feeling bad, because I see you crying, it's hurting me. It was a game-time decision for me. I wanted to reconsider everything. And it's just for me to say off a great two weeks, "This is gonna be my wife forever," I could not make that decision to you today. And it just breaks my heart seeing you like this because I love you. I really do. It's like, me saying no was not to you, AD. I'm not ready, and that's hard for me to look at myself in the mirror and say that. You are perfect, girl. I've grown with you. It's hard for me to look at myself in the mirror, like, I can't be, "I'm not a husband now." I'm not... I'm not rejecting you. And it almost feels like that I am, you know? Yeah, it does. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Can I get a hug? Sure. ( Clay exhales ) ( exhales ) I'm sorry, AD. AD: I love you. Clay: I love you too. ( exhales ) AD: What am I supposed to do now? Clay: What do you mean? What am I supposed to do? You think I'm leaving? ( chuckles ) What are you supposed to do? I guess you gotta run away from me. Stop. Oh, my God, seeing you so sad is breaking my heart. AD: That was just a fսck¡ng lot. Clay: It was a lot. But, AD, I'm telling you. Like, I'm gonna put the work in. I'm gonna go to therapy, all that stuff I said, you know? Part of what he is struggling with, he struggles with a marriage. With commitment? Okay. With a marriage. Okay. "Is this sacred?" Mm-hmm. "Do you honor?" He struggles with that. And all of those emotions and twisted... and feelings, he took that to the altar. And a lot of that stems from things that you have to explain and then apologize. Trevor: Mm-hmm. Don't make excuses, just apologize. So that closure can be had. But the marriage thing, the commitment, he struggles with that. He's like, "I know you stayed, Mom, but there's things that I saw that I should not have I saw, or been in a position..." You know, and kids, when they grow up, and they see things... It's like, you know, "Is marriage for real?" "Or is marriage something that you get into, and you lie, and you deceive?" And he took a lot of that to the altar with his decision. Here's the thing too, Rita. ( sighing ) Um, I, um, I didn't necessarily have the best role models in my life. I know. I know. You know? I can't ever remember my father ever being a part of my life. And... Listen. I've always told you I forgave you, but there are things that had came out in the end that I did not know about until this experience. I was hurt. Again, I'm divorced from you, but things that he shared with me that I did not know. So that's why I'm saying he took a lot on his back. And although we came from broken families, that doesn't mean that we have to pass on that brokenness to our kids. Absolutely. Yeah, stop the bleeding, stop the cycle. Right. Your past and things that you witness, it's part of your DNA. It's part of your inside. And if you don't get freakin' help, you bring that sh¡t into the next thing. So the fact that he... he did this process, he wants to be in a long-term relationship. He wants that. Tell him to meet somebody like you. Huh? I met you. You know, tell him to meet somebody like his mom. Yeah, but you met me, but you wasn't good to me. Yeah. Okay? So... ( exhales ) We won't talk about that anymore. Okay. I'm so sorry, AD. I feel like a piece of sh¡t. I really do. AD laughs: I did my best. You did. I did my fսck¡ng best. ( exhales ) Clay: You did. Do you think it wasn't good enough? No. So everything I'm saying, it's not resonating to you, huh? It's hard. It's hard to make, you know, like, what you say and what I feel... Come together. Yeah. I just feel like I learned so much about myself, AD, and it kinda got scary. You know? I just think my thing is, like... It sucks that, like, I feel kinda like a sacrifice, like... You learned so much about yourself. Clay: Yeah, yeah, I get that. And used me to, like, do it. Clay: Mm-hmm. I'm sorry. Do I have to leave you? ( "In the Inbetween" playing ) ♪ As you sought courage ♪ ♪ In the thought of letting go... ♪ ( AD sniffles ) ♪ Shrugged off the feelings ♪ ♪ But the memory remains... ♪ I don't wanna go. ( sniffles ) I just keep feeling like I keep getting so fսck¡ng close. And I keep, like, doing so much for these men and carrying these fսck¡ng relationships, and, like, it's just not fսck¡ng enough. ( shuddering ) And I don't, like... I don't know what else to do, really. Like, it's just not enough. ( sniffles ) I'm sorry. I really am. Yeah. ( shuddering ) ( gasps ) ( gasps ) I love him. I love him. I really do. I'm really sad that... I wasn't enough for him to, like, get right. I can't drag him. I can't force him, and I'm not gonna fսck¡ng beg him to fսck¡ng pick me. I'm done. ♪ And in this sadness, I will stay ♪ ♪ And I will wait ♪ ♪ And hope that you stop leaning ♪ ♪ On the sword of your mistakes ♪ ♪ Oh, it's a long way back from here... ♪ ( sobbing ) ( sobbing ) ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ One step, then another ♪ ♪ Then one step more ♪ Amy: Today is the big day. I found my best friend that I get to spend the rest of my life with, and I'm feeling all the emotions. ( gasps ) I'm gonna cry. ( laughs ) This is so beautiful! Like, I've always dreamed of having a fairy-tale wedding, and it's beyond, like, what I dreamed of. Oh, my God. All the feelings. This is so perfect. I just can't help but to think of, like, how this all began. Our story has been so beautiful. My mom's family is from Barcelona. She's basically catalana. Amy, I love your accent. Aw, thank you. Johnny laughs: It made my heart melt. Stop! ( imitates blues chord ) ♪ Her name is Amy, and she's really cool ♪ ( imitates blues chord ) ( laughs ) The one thing I wanna do is I don't wanna change you at all. I like you... like, I love you. Amy: Oh, my God! Came out. I do love you too. ( chuckles ) Amy Tiffany Olenska... ( laughs ) ...will you please make me the happiest man alive and marry me? Yes! ( laughs ) ( exhales ) Oh, my goodness! ( laughing ) Johnny: Oh, my God! ( laughing ) Amy: My love grows every day. Johnny: I'm much happier with her. Amy: This is the moment I've been waiting, and I think it was meant to find you. ( laughs ) ( woman 4 gasps ) ( laughing ) Hi! Oh, no, I'm gonna cry! Stop! Oh, my God! This is so cute. Hi! Amy: Hello! ( laughing ) Oh, my God. Having my family and friends witnessing such a huge milestone in my life, it's important to me. Family is everything. I thought it'd be a beautiful touch to have my future sister-in-law be on my side of things. Maria: Oh, my God, and the dress! Amy: Right? It's perfect. So beautiful. ( laughing ) I'm so sure that Johnny is the one that I'm gonna marry. I'm ready to... get me to the altar. I'm ready! ( laughs ) I love y'all so much! We love you too, girl. Amy: So ready. ( pop music playing ) ♪ I just wanna feel it all ♪ ♪ It all, it all, it all ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it all ♪ Today is gonna be one of the days I look back on. Oh, this is nice! I don't know if it's one specific thing that made me fall in love with Amy. She was fun-loving. She matched my energy. She's someone that we could just joke around, have an amazing time together just as people. She's very dedicated towards, like, her career, her family. man 3: Johnny! Oh, my God! ( laughing ) Bro! Long time no see! man 3: Long time! Glad you could make it. Not a day goes by where we don't kiss, or we don't, like, give each other, like, a huge hug or cuddle. It's a nice feeling of just that intimacy factor of, like, "Hey." "You're my person." I'm not gonna lie. I was a little like, "John, what the hell are you doing?" Yeah, no, I know, trust me. ( laughs ) ( mutters ) But once you meet you guys and see you together, it makes sense. Like, it makes so much more sense. Yeah. Within 30 seconds of meeting her, I was like, "She's perfect. Like, she's so perfect." Did that change from the pods? We got very deep. Jack: Good. We talked about everything. Day seven, I slipped on an "I love you." She said "I love you" back. I didn't even mean for it to come out. You slipped on! I was like, "Honestly, I love you." And that was literally... Seven days in. Yeah. It was deep conversations about, like, kids, about, like, religion, about, like, um... What happens if, like, we have, like, a miscarriage? What happens if, like, someone loses their job and goes bankrupt? Holy sh¡t! Just very deep conversations. I've never had those goddamn conversations. No, but, like, those are things to, like, really, like, think about too. Like, those really deep conversations. Like, "What if this happens?" "How are we gonna attack this?" She's open-minded and really cares. Wants to know, like, what I'm really thinking about. The other thing was she's passionate about her family. She loves them deeply. Like, it's a huge part of her life. Obviously, huge part of my life too. Like, she's a grinder. Like, she works hard. When she walks into a room, she kind of commands it, and it's really nice. We flow together, like, amazingly. She's the girl. She's the girl. It's perfect. Dude, you love this girl. Yeah, I do. I truly do. Patrick: You're getting married, man. Jack: Yeah. Patrick: Like, this is a big deal. ( laughing ) Let's go, baby! Yeah. ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ Always bring the best vibe It's a good life ♪ So happy for you! ( laughing ) It does seem like he's, uh, I think the most sensitive and, like, emotionally mature guy you've been with. Yeah, and that I'll ever be with. I love when a man feels. ( laughs ) Mm-hmm. Yeah. Me too. I'm so nervous for you! No! Not, like, for you. Like, I know it's gonna be great. But I'm just, like... It's a wedding. Who isn't nervous on a wedding? I know! We both have a huge decision to make that is for a lifetime, and I'm very certain on what I wanna do. I'm very excited. I'd like to think that Johnny is on the same page as me, but my biggest fear is that, like, for some reason, him walking down the aisle, he's like, "Oh, sh¡t, this is real," and he just wants to back away, um, and gets cold feet and just doesn't wanna go through with it, and says, "I do not," but I'm really hoping that's not the case. ( laughs ) I literally had a dream that Amy called me right after she got engaged, and I saw a man in the FaceTime, and it was a white, blond man. Oh, my God! I was like, "Amy, I had a dream, and you're with a white, blond man." He's like, "Actually, it's strawberry blond." I'm like, "It's white, blond." Oh, my God. woman 4: It just felt very real. And my dad had a dream two years ago that he saw, like, my future kids, and that they have, like, light-brown, blondish hair, and I'm like... woman 4: The moment I saw a blond man enter my dreams, I was like, "This is it. This is her husband." ( laughs ) I literally had no, like, mental picture of him. I mean, we both didn't really give descriptions of one another. So great. I'm happy you guys didn't talk about that before you... Amy: Yeah. It would have ruined it. 'Cause, like, superficially, like, he isn't your type. So I think it's sweet that you were able to find your type in their soul. And not how they look. Amy: Yeah. Exactly. Thank you. ( pop music playing ) ♪ My heart's beating fast ♪ ♪ But time's moving slow... ♪ ( chattering ) All right, fellas. Oh! ( all cheering ) Oh! Johnny! Johnny: Y'all looking good! You look so good! Dude, you're looking better, man. Look at you guys! Got some stunners! Stunners. ( music continues ) ( chuckles ) Okay, look up. There we go. I wanted to make sure that was, like, really tight. ( gasping ) woman 4: Oh, my God. ( laughing ) ( sighs ) woman 5: Amy... David: Mm. Aww, you guys look amazing. ( Mercedes laughing ) How do you feel? Good. I feel at peace. You ready? I'm ready. Are you guys ready? Are you still right for the decision you're making? Amy: Yeah. I feel confident. David: Okay. Okay. So we are right behind you. We are here for you. Always. ( laughing ) I'm gonna get emotional. ( laughs ) Um, having my family and my friends means so much because this is a huge, you know, milestone, and... and they don't have to be supportive. It's a choice that they make to be supportive, and their love means so much to me, and I'm so, so excited to share this beautiful day with them, and with Johnny's family, that has also become like my family. Um, so I'm very, very blessed and happy. I feel like you guys just fit into our family so well. David laughing: Yeah. It was so nice. The whole experiment, it was something that had my reserve, but I have to say that I had to change my mind. I'm very grateful. I was nervous with John going in too. David: Oh, yeah. And then the moment we met Amy, I was like, "Oh, this is my new sister." ( laughing ) It's like, "I'm so excited." You can feel it between them, you know? David: Mm-hmm. I feel like I have multiple daughters. So I'm just happy. Amy: My new sister! I know! ( laughing ) I saw you guys get emotional. I was like, "I don't wanna cry before I even leave!" I'm sorry. No, it's okay. I'm so excited to be your family. ( laughs ) I said, "We are family now!" I love you guys so much. It's a word that we say, but, you know, really from the bottom of my heart, we love you so much. Oh, wow! You guys look amazing! woman 6: Oh! Oh, it's a big day! All right, buddy. Oh! Johnny: Oh! man 4: Wonderful. I'm happy you guys came. Let's sit down. Wow. This is beautiful! I know. Love to have a little man cave like this. Well, you ready? ( Johnny sighs ) I am. Are you? Yeah. It's been a lot, but it's been really nice. You learned about her from the inside out. Johnny: Yeah, opposed to just physical traits too. Jim: Uh-huh. Yeah, so that's wonderful. And a weird way to do it, but what a cool way to do it, you know. I think you're making the right decision. How long does it take to fall in love? Exactly six months, three days and two hours? Or exactly, you know, one hour and 20 minutes? Got your whole futures ahead of you. I'm really excited. I'm really excited. We did it. You can do it. You guys had a great marriage. I wanna make sure I have the same thing. God willing, you will. Marriage is the hardest job you're gonna have. It's the most fun job you're gonna have. Today is a wedding day. That's a big day. It's a beautiful day. Come here, guys. Jim: Oh! Oh! Group hug. ( laughing ) Johnny: Yeah. All right. Joy: I love you. Johnny: Love you so much. Thank you. Thank you so much for everything. You got it. Joy: I'm proud of you. Jim: Oh! ♪ A thousand times You made me get back up ♪ ♪ Because of you, I learned to fly ♪ ♪ But I will never fly away... ♪ Maria: Yeah. Yeah. ( gasps ) ♪ I'll carry all your weight... ♪ Amy laughing: I can't look at you. You look so amazing. ( laughing ) ♪ I can't stop now ♪ ♪ I'm up so high I can't come down ♪ I never thought I would be seeing you like this. You look so amazing. Cinderella. Amy: Thank you. ( laughing ) You are getting married now. So you will be our daughter, but you need to know that you are gonna have a husband that you have to take care of in the good times and the bad times. We are here for you. But not only for you, but for Johnny too. Mercedes: For him too. And we want to, all of us together, we're all gonna make you be successful. I love you. I love you too. The same way that I want him to love you. ( exhales, laughs ) Thank you. I love y'all too. I got my reserve of the experiment. But I changed my mind after I see you happy. And I see Johnny happy. I saw his eyes looking at you. And that's the expectancy that I want a man to look at you, fall in love with you. ( sniffles ) David: Last night, I couldn't sleep. I don't know if you sleep, but I didn't sleep. Because I was thinking. ( laughing ) Recollections and memories. And the people that are not here, they are here. Your grandparents are here. They will be walking with you as well. And they're proud of you. ( sniffles ) So are you ready to rumble? ( all laughing ) woman 7: Yes. I'm ready to rumble. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ There's no pretend ♪ ♪ I might be dreaming ♪ ♪ There is no other ♪ ♪ Oh, baby, all we ever want Is right here and now ♪ ♪ I bottle every heartbeat, every sound ♪ This is beautiful! I'm like a... "Amy and Johnny." Joy: And now it's gorgeous. I'm very happy for you, Johnny. You are lucky. And she's very lucky. You both are. When you find true love, you have to work for it, but it's definitely worth it. It's a gift. Definitely a gift. Absolutely. ( both sighs ) When you see her walk down the aisle, your heart is gonna stop. I know it will. 'Cause I know Daddy said that when I walked down with Papa Joe. I'm glad it restarted. ( laughs ) When you get up there, talk from your heart. God willing, I'll have a daughter-in-law very soon. It's crazy. ( sighs ) ( laughing ) Johnny: Mm. Thank you. Mm. ( sighs ) Whoa, man. Johnny: Come here. Cameron groans: You're getting married, man. ( exhales ) ( laughing ) ( puffs ) Got a sweat rag if you want one. ( laughing ) Appreciate you, man. Thank you. Thank you. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ The sun rises... ♪ ( chuckles ) ( laughing ) ( chattering ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ Breathe it in... ♪ Sorry. ( sniffles ) David: No need to be sorry. ( sighs ) So beautiful. Thank you both for being a part of this. It means a lot. I love you. I love you too. I love you so much. ( sighing ) I got you always. I always got your back. ( laughing ) This is all beautiful. This is the time that you was waiting for a long time, with Johnny. Johnny. Johnny's my person. ♪ In the midst of a rushing stream... ♪ Cameron: All rise, please. ♪ Breathe it in ♪ ♪ Breathe it in ♪ ( Amy sobs ) I'm giving my treasure to you. Cameron: You may take your seats. ( Amy sniffles ) Of course you look gorgeous. Thank you. Cameron: Thank you, everyone, for being here today. At this moment, both Amy and Johnny want us to take a moment and honor those of us who couldn't be here today. They would like to honor Amy's grandparents as well as Johnny's grandparents. We're here to celebrate Amy and Johnny. These two people have completely shown themselves to one another. We all have walls. We all have masks. Rarely does the outside world get to see who we are on the inside. When you love someone, you can be your true self and be met with love and compassion, commitment. As a result of this experiment, both of you fell in love sight unseen. That in and of itself is a miracle. Never in a million years, in my 27 years of life, did I ever imagine that I would fall in love with somebody over a wall... ( laughs ) ...without ever seeing them. But feeling your character and learning to know and love your soul... ( voice breaks ) I love your soul. And... I love you too, baby. ( laughing ) ...I'm excited for what's next. I can't wait. I love you. Amy and Johnny, now is the time to decide if love is blind. Will you get married and commit to face life together, or will you walk away forever? Amy, do you promise to do your very best each day to create a loving, healthy and happy marriage? I do. Cameron: Johnny, do you promise to do your very best every day to create a loving, healthy and happy marriage? I do. ( cheering ) Cameron: With the power vested in me, it is my honor to now pronounce you man and wife. You may seal your vows with a kiss. Baby! ( attendees cheering ) ( pop music playing ) Johnny: Whoa! Cameron: Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Amy and John McIntyre! ( cheering ) ( Amy laughs ) ( cheering continues ) ♪ 'Cause we're meant to be together ♪ ♪ Together, together ♪ ♪ Meant to be together ♪ ♪ Together, oh-oh! ♪ ( Amy laughs ) Johnny: Love that so much. Oh, my God. Amy: Oh, my God. I'm gonna cry. ( laughs ) You looked amazing. You look amazing. Mm. I love you. My husband. ( laughs ) I love you. My wife. I found my partner. I found her. I didn't think I was gonna ever find her at all. And now we're married! ( chuckles ) Mrs. McIntyre. Mrs. Cortes-McIntyre. Mm! Has a nice ring to it. ( laughs ) It does. Damn, you look good! ( Amy laughs ) Ow! I'm so grateful to have found my person. My husband! ( laughs ) ♪ Because we're meant to be ♪ ♪ Yeah, it feels so right ♪ I love you. I love you. When we first came down to it, I was like, "Hey, uh, you're out of my league." I wouldn't have come up to you at a bar. I would've been so just like... ( gasps ) And the fact that she liked me for me and the looks didn't matter, it was just... Wow, it worked out perfectly. ( cork pops ) ( Amy laughs ) ( both shout ) Love is blind. ( laughs ) Love is blind. Cheers to our love. Cheers. I love you. ( laughs ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ I love you, I love you, I love you ♪ ♪ Oh, yes, I do love you... ♪ My husband! Mm! Mm! Mm! both: My husband! ♪ I love you... ♪ ( laughs ) I just wanna... It was perfect. Mm! I love you so much. I love you too, baby. You look fantastic. Thank you. ( laughs ) ♪ I love you ♪ ( pop music playing ) ♪ Red lights flash in the dark ♪ ♪ 3:00 a.m. staying up ♪ ♪ This isn't what I imagined ♪ ♪ Flowers on the bedside Questions in my headlight ♪ ♪ Tell me how this could have happened... ♪ I want love. I wanna be married, and I'm just, like... I don't know, man. ♪ Long nights like I've never known Cold bed in an empty home. ♪ ♪ Tell me how to do this without you ♪ Emotions are all over the place, especially seeing... I guess, for me, I didn't understand the magnitude of the decision. Um, you know, I'm definitely... I just feel stupid. You know what I'm saying? I just feel stupid, so... ♪ I guess I always thought That we had time to get older... ♪ I don't know. I just kind of wanna get out of here, honestly. ♪ 'Cause I know that you're hurting It's gonna be okay ♪ ♪ All that I can promise you Is time will numb the pain ♪ ♪ And, darling, don't you worry Believe me, you'll be fine... ♪ ( sniffles ) AD: I don't regret saying yes to him. I mean, my love was blind. There's nothing that he could have shown me, told me... ( shudders ) ...that would have changed my answer. ♪ I know that you're hurting It's gonna be okay ♪ ♪ All that I can promise you Is time will numb the pain... ♪ I don't see myself continuing to date him. You don't wanna pick me. Somebody else will. I'm done. My heart is, like, broken. ( sniffles ) I stood ten toes the whole time. I've been strong and powerful, and... That's just who I will remain. ♪ And all I know is, all I know is ♪ ♪ All I know is I was lucky you were mine... ♪ I'm just... I don't know. I just am waiting for it to be my turn. ♪ All I know is I was lucky you were mine ♪ ♪ All I know is, all I know is ♪ ♪ All I know is I was lucky you were mine ♪ ( cheering ) DJ: Make some noise for the McIntyres! ( "Live Loud" by Animal Island playing ) ( cheering ) DJ: Come on, come on, it's their wedding day today! ( cheering ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ I wanna live loud ♪ Have you met my wife Amy? She's kind of cool. And have you met my husband? He's cooler. ( laughing ) I'm cooler? Oh, sh¡t. I take it back. I'm just kidding. I was gonna say. Only kidding. ( shouts ) ( laughing ) So, today, my daughter is not only my daughter, because, today, I have a son. ( attendees cheering ) That's my new dad! ( laughs ) David: Raise your glass, celebrate the new family, McIntyre-Cortes family! ( cheering ) woman 8: Welcome to the family! Amy: It's truly a magical thing to see both of our families unite into one, because it truly just adds that, you know, emphasis that it was meant to be. Like, this just confirms that even more, yeah. ( cheering ) I feel like if you do it the right way, and you really, really commit to it, love is blind. If you really dive into the waters, like, it's gonna be a little cold. It's gonna be a little uncomfortable, but once you get used to it... Love is blind. Yeah. Could not have said it better, honestly. ( pop music playing ) Mmm! ♪ 'Cause you saved, yeah, you saved me ♪ ( music continues ) ( Amy chuckles ) ( cheering ) ♪ All these dreams ♪ ♪ We have with you in sight ♪ ♪ Becoming real so we can touch the sky ♪ ♪ It feels so right ♪ ♪ Your love is like heaven ♪ ♪ And on my heart, I'll never turn away ♪ ♪ Before they're through ♪ ♪ Till we can stop to say ♪ ♪ It feels so right ♪ ♪ Your love is like heaven ♪ ♪ Feels like heaven ♪
( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) Johnny: This one out. Hmm. Good move, Johnny. Good move, Johnny. How are you doing today? I'm good. Good. Uh-oh. Great. Now we have to, like, go away 'cause he's gonna talk so much. No, Matt can talk, but Matt has his secrets. I know who Matt's seeing now though. No way. I had my guess... No, I was told by one of the women. Ooh! I think the woman that told you, I'm gonna see. So I can ask, and I'll find Matt's... ( laughs ) Would you stop it? Stop it. "Stop it! Would you stop it?" ( laughs ) He just got so chatty! ( laughing ) "Please stop." That's not the point of this. It is the point, trying to figure out what Matt's up to. Matthew. Don't call him "Matt." It's Matthew. Jeramey: I just need... I need... I need to be embraced. Oh, my God, get out of here! Jeramey: I just need to be embraced. I need to be embraced. ( laughing ) ♪ You got what I need ♪ ♪ You got energy ♪ ♪ You got what I need ♪ ♪ You-ooh-ooh! You got... You got energy ♪ God damn, Johnny! You are a smart man. ( clears throat ) I got a clear-cut one. That's cool with me. Jeramey: Who is it? I'll tell you. My one is Chelsea. Jeramey: My one's not Chelsea. Yeah. Good. ( chuckles ) Good! Chelsea is... Trevor: Is your one Laura? Yeah, Laura's really cool. Sarah's really cool. Deion: Sarah Ann. Yeah. She likes to talk. Deion: Mm-hmm. But I like that she likes to talk. Yeah. No, it's good. I need someone who's got a big personality. You might not have noticed, but I've got a big personality. I know when to be serious, but life's too short for that. I don't wanna be serious all the time. They're all cool. Fifty years from now, I see kids. Probably grandkids. Ugh! I'm probably grumpy because I'm older, and I don't wanna talk to anybody. I'm happy that everybody else is there, and, like, everybody's, like, being loud and obnoxious. We are dating! Good date? Deion: Good date. Jeramey: That's how my whole family was. It was just chaos, and I hated it growing up, but, like, as I've gotten older, like, I miss it. I'm looking forward to it. Laura chuckles: Hello. Hi. Laura: Hi! Who am I talking to? I know who I'm talking to. Laura: Take a guess. Jeramey: What's up, Sarah? What? ( laughs ) Why would you guess if you're not 100%? Jeramey: I'm never 100%. I know who this is. You do not. Jeramey: I do, Okay, all right. Jeramey: I'm being a smart-ass. Your second guess. Jeramey: Oh, stop it. Laura: Yes. You were not my second guess, like... ( laughs ) Jeramey: You're... Yeah. I almost wore a Hawaiian in here shirt today. Laura: Okay, what's the Hawaiian shirt for? I just fսck with Hawaiian shirt. Laura laughs: Shut up. Jeramey: I've got Henleys, and I've got Hawaiian shirts. Like, right now I'm wearing blue jeans, a button-down Henley. That's, like, my go-to. Cute! Jeramey: Mm-hmm. It's... Jeramey: I have a thick neck. So Henleys are comfortable. Laura: I have the most bizarre visual of you, like with this thick-ass neck. ( laughs ) Oh, my God. I don't have that thick... it's not thick. Laura: I don't know what you look like, but, like, I am still, like, somehow oddly attracted to you. Even with your thick neck. Oh, my God. You are lying right now. ( laughs ) All I was saying is I don't like wearing regular crew neck shirts because it, like, scratches up against my neck and I don't like that. Like, it's almost borderline OCD in some ways. Laura: When I was younger, I had OCD. Like, way younger. I guess I wasn't officially diagnosed. I don't really know what the deal was, but if I'm in someone's messy-ass house... Yeah. ...like, the last thing I wanna do is, like, cuddle up with you, have sеx with you... Like, absolutely not. It has been a huge point of contention in past relationships. I'm not here to be someone's mother. And I've had, like, arguments with, like, guys I've dated or exes in the past, and they're like, "No guy's ever gonna, like, keep the sink clean." I don't believe that! That's, like, my number one rule. Dishes out of the sink before I go to bed. Yes! ( chuckles ) Jeramey: Like, absolutely not. Yeah, that sh¡t's disgusting. Laura: I'm getting all hot and bothered over here with this conversation. ( laughs ) Okay. I have two robot vacuums that are running 24/7. Shut up. That is so hot. Yep. So my house is immaculate. This might be the first time I've been turned on in a pod. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Take a ride with me ♪ ( vocalizing ) Amy C.: Wait. So did you enjoy the date with him? He was joking around, "I know that voice," then called me another name. Amy C.: Oh. I'm not a jealous person at all, but now I'm like, "That's who he wishes it was." And we definitely really like each other. Yeah. I think I need to, like, just check myself. I was getting jealous this morning. ♪ Get ready for the rumors I've been hearing... ♪ When people just talk and talk about men, it's like, "fսck." Hello. Jeramey: Hello. Sarah Ann: Hey, Jeramey! Jeramey: Who am I talking to now? This is Sarah. Jeramey chuckles: That's what I thought. I just wanted to make sure. I called somebody else your name. Oh, no! ( laughs ) Yeah, like, and confidently, and said it with a smile. I'm so dead. ( laughs ) Jeramey: So I was thinking last night. Okay. Jeramey: You know, what do you think things would look like between us if we... if we did do this? I can see us, you know, planning a really nice date night. And, like, Saturday morning, right? Yeah. Wake up, we could go to the gym. We could do breakfast. We could run errands together. fսck yes. Sarah Ann: On another token, I kind of just wanna chill here and, like, talk and be lazy or whatever. And then I also could picture, like, "Let's take the dog to the brewery." I know that sounds really, like, vague and stupid, but I... No, it doesn't sound vague or stupid. I think it sounds sweet. If we did this, who moves in with who? Ooh. I got a four-bedroom house. I didn't know that. Well, I'm in an apartment. ( chuckles ) So I guess I'm moving in with you. Jeramey: Yeah, I mean, I'm only renting right now just 'cause I just sold my last house. Yeah. And I don't want to buy a house now. Sarah Ann: Mm-hmm. Because I wanna get married. And I wanna move into a house with someone that I pick together, so they don't feel like they're moving in and encroaching. I would want you to comfortably feel like that is your place. Yeah. Not just I moved some of my stuff over in the closet for you and, like, made space. Yeah, you know, like, a drawer. ( laughs ) Jeramey: Yeah, I don't want it to be that. I want it... We can envision, like, "Oh, my stuff will go there." "The couch would look good there." "Yeah, let's buy that place." I love that. I love that you said that. This is where my brain went last night, was like, "Oh, I can maybe see, like, a future with this person." Really? Jeramey: Yeah. ( chuckles ) ( laughs ) Oh, my God. ♪ That I would fall in love again ♪ When's your birthday? I wonder if I'm older or you are. It is December. Oh, I'm older! Johnny: You're older? I'm older. Ooh. Older woman. Okay, okay. ( growls, chuckles ) Amy: Yeah, I'm an August girlie. I couldn't do the... ( growls ) ( laughs ) Johnny: Oh, I could do it! I can. You can! Johnny: Mm. Amy: What's your actual birth date? My actual birth date is December 11th. Okay. It's not too close to Christmas. Johnny: No. It's nice. I get to have, like, the birthday present. Then two weeks later, Christmas presents. Amy: We celebrate Three Kings Day heavily. Ooh! Amy: Which is in January. I think it's honestly, like, my top holiday growing up. Interesting. I never celebrated that. Amy: Yeah. It's, like, mainly, like, a Hispanic thing, to be honest. Johnny: Okay. When I was, like, a baby, like, very, very young, my dad would sing this song to me before I, like, went to sleep. And he would always sing, like, the "We Three Kings" song. Mm-hmm. ♪ Like... ♪ ♪ ♪ ( gasps ) ♪ More than mountains ♪ ♪ ♪ Wait, why do I... I, like, know this, but I don't. ( Johnny laughs ) It's like a distant memory. Every, like, Christmas whenever it played, I just got, like, chills with the jitters too. Aww! What do you wanna do? You wanna shoot some hoops? You wanna... I think there's some, like, questions over here we can answer. These are good questions. Johnny: These are good? Amy: First question is, "What is your biggest fear?" Biggest fear? What you're scared of? Amy: Yeah. I've already talked to you about, like, how important my brother is to me. My main fear and, like, my main priority in this life until, like, you know, I have kids, um, is my brother. He's on the spectrum of autism and has ADHD. Hmm. And my dad's his legal guardian. Johnny: Hmm. Um... But, like, if something were to happen, God forbid, I would be the next in line to be, like, a caretaker for my brother. Hmm. Amy: If something were to happen. Like, I would need my husband to, like, love my family as much as I do and to, like, be there with me. Or, like, if it was just my brother, and he needed me, that we could, like, house him for a little bit while we, like, figure things out to, like, get him developed to, you know, have his own life, because he wants that. And it really hurts me because he always, like, talks about... ( voice breaks ) ...how he wants what I have and that... ( gasps ) ( hesitates ) I swear. I don't know. ( chuckles ) I'm tired of crying. I wanna give you a hug right now. Amy laughs: Um, but it hurts me. ( voice breaking ) I never want that to happen. That's my fear. I never want something to happen to my brother. And I just want to protect him. And I just want him to feel safe so that no harm comes to him from, like, the outside. So, um, that's my biggest fear. I wanna give you a hug right now. And, like, I just want my potential future partner, you know, to, like, know that I might have to be a caretaker in the future. I really wanna hold you now. Aww! I wish... I wish that was the case too. ( chuckles ) It is a big thing. Amy: Yeah. Johnny: He's your brother. I know that if the same thing happened with my little brother or little sister, I would be doing the same footsteps. Amy: Yeah. I'm on the same page as you with this one. Okay, good. I'm glad to hear that. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Hold my hand tighter... ♪ I wanted you to get to know me, and, like, my heart and my soul, because I feel like when it comes to certain situations, it's easy to turn away somebody off the bat if, like, you know, you're just meeting that person. Johnny: Easy to write people off too. I know. That's what I did in the past. Amy: Yeah. If I heard something like this before... It's actually really, really sad to say, but if this was two weeks ago and I heard this, I probably would have, like, wrote you off and just been like, "That's it." This process. Amy: Mm-hmm. There has been a lot of soul-searching, a lot of deep diving. And, like, if the roles were reversed, it was me in the same situation, like, to have someone there to support me no matter what, that is, like, a big deal. Yeah. Um, will you see me tomorrow? Of course. Of course. Of course. Johnny: I appreciate it. Without a doubt. I'm excited. I will talk to you later. Have a great night. Amy: Good night. ( pop music playing ) ♪ ♪ ♪ Safe ♪ I don't believe a word that comes out of any of these men's mouths. With Matthew, I'm feeling, like, hella goofy. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, like, getting, like, super embarrassing. Stop playing with me. Like, I feel like a fսck¡ng idiot. Mm-hmm. You know what he said to me yesterday? Alejandra: Hmm. He said, "If it's not you, then nobody." The sh¡t that he was saying yesterday? Alejandra: Mm-hmm. Almost verbatim. Said it almost verbatim. Oh! It was like that? AD: Verbatim. We had a moment 'cause he asked me about my dad. My dad died last September. Alejandra: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. He was like, "I just would really want to, like, ask for your hand in marriage." To, like, now hear that... He said that exact thing? AD: She doesn't know what's happening. Alejandra: Yeah. Right. AD: And it's not like I don't want you to talk to her. But the same explicit sh¡t where I'm sitting here crying like a fսck¡ng idiot to you? ( Alejandra clears throat ) Yeah. fսckеd up. Yeah. What are you actually doing? What game are you fսck¡ng playing? ( Alejandra groans ) fսck¡ng scumbag. I don't wanna be the one feeling like I'm looking for love. Alejandra: Mm-hmm. And the boys just are playing, like, another football match. And that's what it feels like. You just wanna be able to say... AD: That you won. Like, Clay is somebody that I would 100% fall for. Alejandra: Yeah. AD: Baller, life of the party, loudest one, athlete... Yeah, he's a work in progress for sure. But he's open about it. Alejandra: He's very open about that. Like, he kept saying, "I'm not good. I don't feel like I'm a good person." That's a red flag, but I'm such a fix-a-ho that I would be like, "It's okay, practice on me." I feel like just as he was so adamant about that he can't move forward without knowing what I look like, I can't move forward without knowing if you want an actual long-term fսck¡ng commitment. Yeah, yeah. I'm not gonna say, "Hey," like, "I'm 5'5", thick thighs, brown eyes." I'm not doing that for you. I'm not doing that. ( slow-tempo music playing ) man exhales: Let's go get it, fellas. ♪ Be fearless ♪ Matthew: Hello. How are you? AD: I had a rough start. Why? I've just been hearing some things that just sound super familiar. ( chuckles ) Uh, like conversations that you've been having that just kind of sound like the same conversation that we were having. You're talking about Amber? Yeah. ( Matthew exhales ) AD: I left here, like, so validated and so secure. And to hear the things that she was saying, it, like, really messed me up. She was very open and candid about the things that you were saying. And it just kind of sounded exactly what you said to me. That's not true. What I said to you yesterday was not what I said to her today. ( sighs ) What I said was... Man, this sucks. ( grunts ) Some of the things I said to you were much more deep than what I said to her. Like, the first thing I wanted to do after our call was call my mom and tell her how I found you. I did not say that to her. And I'm being recorded. It's not like I can hide that. Yeah. I like you a lot. And I've been thinking about you all day. ( chuckles ) Like, thinking about you before I went to bed. Our conversations, like, they mean so much to me. I think about you all day too. My feelings have not changed for you. Okay. All I know is when I walk into this room, and I know it's you before you say something... ( AD chuckles ) ( hesitates ) ...I feel like my heart's beating out of my chest. Yeah. Same. Matthew: You watch the show? Mm-hmm. You think me proposing is, like, the most romantic thing ever. I would love to give you that moment. The moment would be one of the greatest moments of your life. And you thought that was gonna happen with me. AD: Yeah. Matthew: You probably thought that the probability I would ask you was extremely high. Yeah. You thought you had the guy who was gonna do it, and you were sure. And then you may get to the end of this, and somebody doesn't even propose. AD: Yeah. And that probably hurts. ( shudders ) Yeah. Now, I'm not giving you an ultimatum. I wanted to leave with you yesterday. You did wanna leave with me yesterday. Okay. Do you think I said that to her? AD: Did you? No, I didn't say that to her. I mean, is there anybody else here you could be with? I'm also scared that you're having connections with other people too. Well, I am. Having other men sit and talk to you and pursue you... Does it bother me? Of course it bothers me. I think if I broke it off with the other people, and I came back to you tomorrow, I hope you would be ecstatic. Is Amber a fantastic person? Yes, she is. AD: Mm-hmm. Matthew: But... there was a reason why I said what I said to you yesterday. ( exhales ) I think I have to make a decision. If I had to make a decision right now... AD laughing: Don't tell me. I'm gonna tell you. AD: Don't. I think you want me to tell you. If I had to make a decision, I choose you. I'm making decisions tomorrow, okay? AD: Okay. Don't give up on me. ( AD sighs ) Please. ( groans ) ( gasps ) ( rock music playing ) Oh, my fսck¡ng God. ♪ We fight to survive ♪ ♪ Right here in the dark ♪ Clay: Hello. AD: Hello. Clay: Now I wanna apologize. We are here to build that emotional part to see, "Hey, can we even last on that level?" So I'm sorry. This persona that I am in, I really manifested this. I was a nerd earlier, you know, so... Hmm. Clay: I just need somebody to believe in me. Honestly. Not you making me emotional. ( chuckles ) Clay: Really? Yeah. You know what I said about you? What? AD: I was like, "Clay feels like home." Clay: Yes. AD: Then, let me give you the real. Mm-hmm. I was like, "Clay sounds like every man that I would go for." ( chuckles ) Clay: Yeah. AD: So... Yeah. But the difference is, like, every man that I went for that reminded me of you has never been this open with me. Clay: Yeah. So that's the beauty in it. What an emotional roller coaster I'm on. ( chuckles ) Clay: Why? I formed a connection with someone else. And in that process, he had formed a connection with someone else. And it got back to me in the lounge today in a very personal way. My father just passed away, and he was like, "Oh, if I do propose to you, like, I would wanna ask for his hand." So when I heard another woman come up to me, it was like, "He just asked..." Like, what? Like, "My father..." Things, like, verbatim. It's just the fact that I thought I had a conversation that was, like, personal and intimate, and it was not, kind of fսckеd me up. He was literally like, "If you want the proposal at the end of the day, then just leave now." ( Clay laughs ) Are you not feeling me, or are you are? Because what you just told me has nothing to do with me. What love triangle am I in? We could have that transparent convo. AD: Um, it's me and you and Matthew. "Matthew." I don't even... Matthew? Oh, my fսck¡ng God. Okay. You're gonna regret that sh¡t. I'm telling you. AD, like, I don't understand. Like, am I not saying the right things to you? We not having the right conversations? AD: Clay! Clay. Clay: I can't even fathom. I really can't even fathom. AD: What? Am I not allowed to contemplate? Am I not allowed to have a moment? Like, you like me, but you don't like me like that. AD: I do like you like that. AD, I'm telling you. It's not seeming like that, girl. Like... It's not that I don't like you like that. I had a stronger connection, and maybe it was just stronger in my head. Um... ( "Way Out" by Detzany playing ) Really, it's like my ego is, like, fսck¡ng with me so hard, but I'm trying to be very understanding and work with you on this. It doesn't make me feel good. So if you care, I really need you to think about this. Hopefully I see you tomorrow, and we could talk about it. If not, you know, I get it. We'll reconvene, you know? AD: All right. I'm sorry that I couldn't give you what you needed. Clay: That's all you got? AD: I don't know what you want me to say. Are you looking for an apology? Clay: No, I'm not. What are you looking for? I don't know. Maybe you telling me that you care, and you wanna see me tomorrow. I don't know. Some type of reassurance. Like, I gave you some. Clay, please. Listen to me. Yeah. AD: I do care. And I came in here raw. I could have put on my little voice. ( voice breaking ) And just, like, gave you what you needed, but I didn't have that. And so I'm sorry. AD, I'm literally telling you, I'm here with you. ( AD sniffles ) I'm rocking with you. I apologize if you think I came at you aggressive with this. I apologize that this threw me off. ( sniffles ) Listen, I don't want you going to bed distraught. I'm rocking with you. We're good. AD: I know, but I'm sorry. I understand this process... I'm with you. I still wanna make this work with you. I'll see you tomorrow, okay? AD: Bye. ♪ Nobody knows All the trouble we've seen ♪ ♪ God only knows how to serve it to me ♪ ♪ And maybe this is a cry for help... ♪ ( sobbing ) ( sobbing continues ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ Nobody knows All the trouble we've seen ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And maybe this is a cry for help ♪ ♪ I'm looking for a way out ♪ ♪ Break these chains from my heart ♪ ♪ And I'll find my way to the light ♪ ( sniffles ) Every man I talk to today is making me cry. Amber: Why? AD chuckles: Girl, Clay tore me up. Because of Matthew. He's like, "AD, what the fսck is going on?" He said, "Another man told you to leave." What do you mean? Leave? Excuse me, ma'am. I need you to be so for real with me right now. Leave with him? Matthew said to leave with him. Tonight? AD: Tomorrow. Amber: Yeah. I'm gonna live out my worst fears. Slay. To have a romantic rival... ( exhales ) Do I feel good about it? No. Drake: Your date? Clay: Horrible. It puts you in a little bit of a twist, you know? I ain't gonna lie to you. ( exhales ) It got wild in that b¡tch. Drake: Just now? Clay: Oh, yeah. Apparently, Matt is a sleeper. Matt. Bro, this guy never talks. I can't imagine him having any type of emotional, just, like, convo and how it's going and like... "What the fսck are y'all talking about?" You know, like, what is, like... wow. That was like a big blind side for me. It was a complete curveball that I was not expecting. And I was kind of, like, on a high horse. And now I definitely kind of got a little bit humbled. One thing I don't like doing is having competition with, like, other men that I don't think is of my... Like, I'm sorry, like... Yeah, I feel that. It's like, I don't even wanna play... Drake, honestly, if it was somebody like you, I'd be like, "Yo, respect." Like, know what I mean? But, it's like, bro, I'm watching this guy, seeing him operate. Like, "That's not you, AD." It's gonna be what it's gonna be, bro. Clay: Yeah. You feel me? Clay: Yeah. I hope everybody gets what their heart deserves. Sorry. AD: What I did not tell you is that, like, everything you said to me today, he said to me yesterday. He asked about my father and taking my... Asking him to have my hand. That makes me feel icky, 'cause he did the same to me. He was like... "I can tell how important family is to you." "And if I can't call your dad, I won't..." Like, "We'll leave." And now I feel like a dіck. I'm so sorry. I know, but you don't have to be. Amber: No, I do have to be. Because I know I'm a blabbermouth. I just truly, genuinely did not think... That Matthew, being the one that he is, would do that. Amber: Right. Yeah. I'm not a joke. What the actual fսck is wrong with men? ( sniffles ) I definitely feel more bad about taking that from you. I can never, like, ever, like, not love you. Like, I genuinely was thinking last night, "What is my favorite part?" And... it's y'all. ( sighs ) It's just like... I don't know. I've just... Mm. I don't know. I think... it's time to bow out. ( "My Distractions" playing ) ♪ All my ♪ ♪ Distractions ♪ ♪ Ooh! ♪ Brittany: Hello. Hello. How are you? Is this Brittany? It is. It is. ( laughs ) ( chuckles ) I'm happy to hear your voice! Kenneth: I'm happy to hear your voice. Brittany used to be a teacher. I'm currently a principal. She also loves God. And When Brittany shared that, I was like, "I want to spend more time with you." My mindset, my mentalities have never been average for my age. I've always been concerned about, like, more pertinent and impactful parts of my life than, like, the frivolous things. Life just grew me up very quickly. When I was 12 years old, my biological mom passed away from cancer. Brittany: Oh, my God. I mean, my mom's funeral, like, I had to plan it top to bottom. I wrote her obituary at 12 years old. I truly am a person who has seen, like, such a great childhood... Brittany: Yeah. Kenneth: ...have everything, and then to literally have nothing. When I look at, like, my mom and my dad, they are the epitome of, like, how I wanna show up for my wife. Brittany: I feel so confident that she is proud of the man that you are today. I'm 24. My father passed away when I was five years old. He was an alcoholic, and, um, his liver and pancreas just couldn't handle his drinking habits. Kenneth: Oh, my God. Having to go through things that mature you quickly... Kenneth: Mm-hmm. ...sets you apart from other people. Yep. You and I are similar in the sense of we have to do a lot of explaining that we shouldn't. Yes. Why do I have to explain to you the things that I desire for myself just because of my age? Why can't it just be, "Ken just wants, like, something sustainable and something positive"? Right. "Brittany just wants something that's, like, gonna set her up for her future." Like, why... Why can't that just be a thing? Brittany: Let's say, "I don't have to explain." "I just want it, and it will be done." I'm with it. I'm with it. The outside world would see me as an alpha male who calls the shots, makes the decisions, but I'm actually the one that wants to be led. Kenneth: Hmm. I'm the one that, like, wants to be submissive, and be like... "Baby, please make the call." Kenneth: Yeah. And I literally cannot wait for the day that my child comes and asks me a question, and I'm like... Kenneth: "Go ask your dad." Yep. Yep. "Did you... did you talk to your daddy?" ( laughs ) Like, that is my dream! Yep. ( laughs ) Okay, so I want to know, how many babies do you want? Kenneth: At least two. At least two! Yes! At least two. Would you be open to twins? Kenneth: Yes. My mom and my aunt are twins. ( Brittany gasps ) My mom was a twin. She had a twin sister named Karen. She got in a car accident. Hmm. Brittany: And they were 29 years old. She ended up flying out of the car. Kenneth: Oh, my God. And her car ran over her. Kenneth: Oh, my God. And she passed away on the interstate after they tried to save her. ( sighs ) And my mom had always wanted a child, and she had multiple miscarriages. Finally, my mom ended up having me on her and her twin sister's birthday the next year. What? And so my mom has never been alone without someone to celebrate her birthday with. She says we act alike. We look alike. She calls me her miracle baby. Kenneth: Wow. Brittany: I was meant to be on this earth for my mom. And so when you say twins... It's gotta happen, you know? Kenneth: Yeah. Brittany, I know that it's difficult, and I am sorry about your aunt. That whole story just speaks to the power of God. It allowed me to find you. Amen. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Spend my whole life dreaming ♪ ♪ Dreaming about tomorrow... ♪ Keep staying consistent with liking me. ( laughing ) I got you! I got you. ( laughing ) All right, I'm gonna hold you to it. I'm sitting here pointing at this wall, like, "I'm gonna hold you to it." I got you. I got you! ♪ Shine on me ♪ ♪ The sun's gonna shine on me ♪ ♪ Shine on me ♪ Johnny: How often do you get sushi? Amy: Maybe, like, twice a month. I go out to eat a lot, to be honest. It's bad. What's your go-to foods that you cook? As a Puerto Rican, rice, beans and chicken. ( both laugh ) I can't say I live the healthiest life. That would be a lie. I don't take a shit-ton of vitamins. You know, I haven't been working out regularly. If I even lived a healthier lifestyle, things could be better. As far as lifestyle goes too, like, I feel like you really don't... The one thing I do wanna do is I don't wanna change you. I don't wanna change you at all. Like, I love you the... like... ( both chuckle ) You what? Amy, I do love you. ( both laugh ) Stop, I'm gonna drop my sake. ( laughs ) ( laughing ) Let me hide my face. Oh, my God. ( laughs ) It came out. I knew it was gonna come out, but it did come out. Oh, my God. ( laughs ) Well, the feeling's mutual. ( laughs ) I do love you too. And I've loved getting to know everything about you. Thank you, Amy, I appreciate that. But the one thing I say is I do love you. I love the person you are. I love everything you've gone through. And I don't want to ever change you, no matter what. I want you to keep being the same person. I don't want to have... I would like to have, like, an influence on you, but I don't wanna ever be the influence on you that changes for some unknown reason. Yeah. But... ( both laugh ) I did not think I was gonna say that today. Didn't think I was gonna say that today. No, me neither. ( both laugh ) Amy: I never thought... I, like... I was hopeful for it. ( laughs ) I was hopeful for it. But, like, the logical side of my brain was like, "There's no way." These pods are scary. They're dangerous. Dangerous. Amy: I know! ( laughs ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Give me something, I fall down again... ♪ I just got butterflies. Oh, my God. ( both laugh ) Amy: This is crazy. ( both laugh ) ( vocalizing ) ( exhales ) That's a sweet smile! Sarah Ann: What happened? He said, "I love you." ( laughs ) What's happening? ( cheering ) I'm so confused. Oh, my God! I cannot believe it. It slipped on accident for him. Oh, my God. I'm obsessed with that. You deserve all the things. ( laughing ) Amy: Thanks, honey. Yeah. Are you so excited? Amy: Yes! I'm just... ( women squealing ) It's so crazy. Like, I just don't know what's happening. I don't know. I'm so happy for you. How do you feel? Amy: I'm so... like, I don't know. You're in? You're fully in? Amy: I think so. ( laughing ) Laura: How crazy. ( "When I'm With You" playing ) ♪ When I'm with you ♪ ♪ I feel myself when you're around ♪ ♪ When I'm with you, when I'm with you ♪ ♪ You're all that's in my heart of mine ♪ ♪ When I'm with you, when I'm with you ♪ Chelsea: So, I'm gonna be real with you. I was bummed. You know, naturally, of course. Yeah. Chelsea: I just didn't really feel content leaving like that. I felt bad 'cause I was... a little crybaby, but it was just a pretty emotional day, you know? Jimmy: I appreciate the apology, but you don't have to apologize. Um, I'm glad to see you. And, um, you know, I... ( chuckles ) Jimmy: I wanna say sorry as well. I just don't wanna put you in a situation where you get upset. Chelsea: Do you wanna talk about anything? Like, my divorce? Jimmy: I don't care. It's not a deal-breaker to me. I think you're great, and I, like... ( laughs ) Oh. Oh, man. Jimmy: I'm really happy you're here. See, that's what I appreciate, is that we can just have a moment and then be good. And then go on to the next thing. Jimmy: Yeah. Me too. I really like that. You're not gonna give me some bullcrap answer that you think I wanna hear. You're gonna be real, and you're gonna be raw, and I appreciate that. And I really, really need that in my life. So... Jimmy: I'll be raw for you. Chelsea laughs: Anyhoo! Jimmy: All right, what should we do? Describe your perfect day to me. I'm on vacation. Chelsea: Ooh-wee! Where are we going? I'm at the beach, somewhere tropical. And I packed the cooler. Cold beer on ice. Full ten hours on the beach. Mm-hmm. Jimmy: We go straight to try a new restaurant, 'cause it's somewhere tropical that I haven't been. And eat some, uh, some really good food and some fish and some red wine. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. Um... And that's it. Go back and smush. ( both laugh ) Jimmy sighs: Hmm. Chelsea: I love that. That sounds great. That's all I could ask for. ( laughing ) Uh, but... ( laughing ) That sounds like a great day. ( laughing ) ( laughing ) Um, 90% of literally, like, the noise I hear from you is just laughs. You get me, like, awkwardly... ( laughing ) ...awkwardly laughing, constantly. Jimmy: I like that. You're like... I'm the simplest to please. You just gotta tell me you love me and laugh with me. I'm right there with you. Jimmy: It ain't that deep, you know It ain't that serious. ( Jimmy chuckles ) Chelsea: Can you see yourself at the end of this really being with someone? Jimmy: Yeah, I don't wanna talk about other people, but I'm here to... I'm here to find a wife, and I'm here to find who I have the closest connection with. So, um... I, uh... We should talk about something else. Yeah, I agree. ( Jimmy exhales ) Do you ever get told you look like a celebrity? Jimmy: Yeah. Do you? Jimmy: I do. I do too, all the time on the plane! I get one person, and it's just because I have dark hair and blue eyes. Ooh! But I don't see it, so don't get excited. ( laughing ) Say it. It's MGK... I don't even know if it's MGK's wife or his girlfriend. Megan Fox? You're saying you look like Megan Fox? ( laughing ) It's just because I have light eyes and dark hair. That's the only reason. There's nothing else. ( laughing ) At least I'm assuming so. Jimmy: I mean... ( sighs ) Oh. Listen, buddy. What'd you say? Can we get married? ( laughing ) Nothing. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Baby, you still make me feel like I'm on top of the world ♪ ♪ On top of the world ♪ ( vocalizing ) ( sighs ) I'm down bad. And my next date is with Jimmy. What am I gonna do? Like, I just... ( fan whirring ) I'm fine. ( clears throat ) Everything's fine. ( exhales ) I can do this. I just want my husband. And I just wanna hug my baby and smell her and bite her head. ( Mackenzie chuckles ) ( women chattering ) I miss her so much. I deserve this. So does she. Mackenzie: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's gonna be fine. I'm fine. Mackenzie: Mm-hmm. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Today's better than yesterday ♪ ♪ ♪ To take back something we said Do you feel like you're ready to be a father? ( men chattering ) Yeah, that's... That's something I gotta think about. It's kind of scary, 'cause, um... I've been thinking about the marriage piece for a long time. And I'm ready for that, but, uh... When someone has a kid, you know, you don't really know, uh, what their expectation is for you. I don't wanna come and be like, "I'm ready to be a father figure." And she may not want that. Like, that's weird. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's all about whether I feel like I can accept that piece. Um, I think I can. I want a family. Yeah. ♪ I'm a mess, so confused ♪ I just woke up missing Autumn so much. ( gasps ) Autumn's on spring break right now. I'm just, like, flooded with mom guilt, and I'm trying to just remind myself why I'm here and remind myself it's gonna be worth it. Even though I'm, like, missing her so bad, please don't think that I'm not excited to talk to you, 'cause I've been looking forward to this since, like, I went to bed last night. ( exhales ) Me too, Jess. And I hope you know, like, you'll always be able to lean on me. ( sniffles ) I know. Okay. So... ( sighs ) What's her personality like? What's she... what's she like to do? Jessica: So, like, Autumn is so cool. Like, I always say, if I was a kid in her class, I'd look at her and be like, "God, I really wanna be friends with her." If she heard me say that, she'd be like, "Um, you're already my friend." Like, "I already thought we were." ( chuckles ) Like, she's, like, the cool, like, really beautiful, kind girl who's also really funny, but, like, unaware of how, like, special and exceptional she is. And she's extremely witty. Like, you think I'm quick on my toes. Like, she's... When I say quite literally she's all the best parts of me but better, I mean that. Like, if you think I'm a hoot, you're not gonna be able to breathe, like, when you hear her start, like, roasting and, like, cracking jokes. She's just... ( Jimmy chuckles ) Like, I don't know how I got so lucky. Jimmy: That's funny. Do you want more kids? I don't wanna... I wanna preface. I'm not trying to insinuate anything. You know, it's important for me and my parents that they wanna see me have children too, so... I mean, if you can't tell, I love being a mother. I would love to have more children. And I can commit to raising them with the same devotion and unwavering love... ( chuckles ) ...and obsession that I've given Autumn. Jimmy: Yeah. How many siblings do you have? I have five siblings. Jessica: Okay. Yeah. Jessica: So you're one of six. Jimmy: Yeah, but, like, my oldest sister is adopted. Your oldest sister was adopted? Jimmy: Yeah. Get out! Jimmy: My parents, they both were married prior. And both of my parents' first husband and wives passed away. And... Oh, my God. ...my oldest sister was the product of my... Like, my mom was the stepmother of her, and so my mom took her in. So that's why I consider her a sister. ( laughs ) Um, if that makes sense. Jessica: It makes very much perfect sense. Okay, but my mom's, like, a warrior for raising her and taking care of her. She absolutely is. She's an angel. She deserves the world. I love her. I have a special place in my heart for her. Just wow. So my biological parents got married, and they had me. They both struggled with really severe drսg addiction, so, like, shortly after I was born, my dad went to prison, and I stayed with my mom until I was about four. And then I guess she spiraled. And so I got taken out of her custody for the first time and went into foster care. Was in foster care for a couple years, and then my dad got out of prison. And I went and lived with him for about a year and a half, and it's dark, but it's fine. Just stay with me. I am. He ended up committing suicide. So I went back into foster care at that point. That's when I met what I call "my God-given family," 'cause we're not related by blood, but they ended up adopting me when I was 16. My mom, she's a literal angel. She saved my life. Because when I got pregnant with Autumn, I was 17. So I was legally, you know, like, not an adult. And I was still in custody of technically the state of North Carolina. So, if I had stayed in foster care and not been adopted, I wouldn't have had custody of Autumn. Well, she also sounds like a saint. ( chuckles ) She is. Oh, I love our moms. Even when I was little, I learned very quickly if I present myself well, they'll never guess the chaos going on, like, inside of me and at home, and they never did. ( chuckles ) Jessica: I get frustrated when I leave our dates. "God, there's so much more I wanna say and uncover." But, like, you're a tough one to crack, Jimmy. Do you feel like I'm a bit much for you specifically? I mean that in the best way. Jimmy: No, no, I don't. I, like, want someone that challenges me. You like me, huh? Ooh! I think I like you a little bit too. Jimmy: I like you a lot more because of your experiences. Hmm. Well, would you look at that. ( chuckles ) You've never known me any differently than just, like, being obsessed with you. That is not me. ( laughing ) Jessica: I don't ever give compliments out. Jimmy: I get so happy when I leave here. Like, I'm happy coming in here, and then, I'm like, when I'm leaving I'm like... I know. I could do a heel clap. ( laughs ) I miss you. I miss you. ( Jessica sighs ) Why are you quiet? You're making it weird! Jimmy: I just wanna hear you talk. ( laughing ) ( sighs ) Oh, my God. ♪ I feel magnetic I feel magnetic, baby... ♪ That's my man. ♪ Pulling me closer to you Pull me closer... ( laughs ) ♪ I feel magnetic I feel magnetic, baby... ♪ I think I already know who I'm gonna be with. Ben: Hmm. But I don't wanna say it officially yet. But me and her were talking. I feel like... we were like, "Do you..." Like, we match on so many things, I was like... And she's fսck¡ng weird. Like, I need a weird person. Yeah. ♪ You never know what you can control ♪ ♪ But you better stay ready And keep your eyes on the road ♪ ♪ Eyes on the road ♪ Trevor: Hello. Chelsea makes me feel just, like, an overwhelming sense of genuine happiness. It almost seems like she was brought here just, like, for me. Our personalities just blend so well. Just, like, there's not one second of dull conversation. We go well together. Chelsea chuckling: So I sleep with the AC on at, like, 65 every single night. Trevor: Thank God! Chelsea: With a fan. All right. Me too. Chelsea: Tell me you don't sleep with a TV on. That's a deal-breaker. I have to know. No, with a fan though. Chelsea: Oh, praise be. I need the noise. Even when it's 60 degrees. Oh, my gosh, totally. We're on the same page, boo boo. Oh. Well, weird. ( laughs ) Oh, man. You make me laugh. I didn't say anything funny. Just my tone? My, like, aura? Chelsea: It's just your presence. Trevor: Yeah. Same with you. ( laughs ) Trevor: Chelsea, just propose to me so we can see each other already. Chelsea: Let's just do it. ( chuckles ) Trevor: I'm on the floor. I always sit on the floor. I picture just this large man. Uh-huh. ( laughing ) I'm, like, trying to see, like, in my head, long hair, short hair... I'm going with short. But I could be very surprised. You might have, like, a mullet. ( both laughing ) Dude, I thought you couldn't see through a wall. You can see? Wait, are you lying? ( groans ) Chelsea: I am a sucker for a mullet. If you're joking with me, I'm gonna be pissed. ( laughs ) You're... ( chuckles ) Are you joking? Yeah, I have a mullet. ( laughs ) Chelsea: You're such a liar. I swear to God. I'm so excited. ( both laugh ) Please don't be screwing with me. You intrigue me! Trevor: Thank you. You intrigue me. I don't know if I like someone that likes a mullet. 'Cause, like, are you okay mentally? ( laughing ) Trevor laughs: I mean... ( pop music playing ) Pods are open. ( laughs ) Hi, honey. ( laughs ) How are you doing, baby? I'm good. These flowers are beautiful. Johnny: Are they the peonies you liked? Yes! Johnny: I remember you saying that. Also, I realized that the flowers that you got me match my dress. Johnny: What? They match my outfit! Yeah. Johnny: Everything does happen for a reason. Things fall into place. I think my reason for being here was to find you. Yeah. You know, you've become my best friend in this whole thing. You've become my best friend too. Aww. Johnny: I really do love you. And I do need you to do two things for me, okay? Amy: Uh-huh. So two promises. Okay. Johnny: Okay. So, the first one is I'm not perfect. Uh, I know I'm not. I know I mess up a lot. If anything ever comes up where anything happens at all, I need you to tell me, so I can correct it and never do it again. Oh, honey, l will let you know right away. It's me. ( chuckles ) I feel like you should know this. ( laughing ) No, but yes, yes. All jokes aside, 100%. And same on my end as well. You know it. Johnny: Absolutely. Um, the second thing is I wanna be lying next to you when I'm 90 years old, laughing and smiling and old and hairy and fat and gross. ( laughing ) And I wanna make sure that we are us and nobody else. And even though there is gonna be outside influences, it's me and you. Aww, yes. Well, I promise to both. And, you know, again, same on my end, of course. We're a team. And we will go by this together. We'll figure it out our own way. I love that so much, Amy. ( pop music playing ) Amy Tiffany Olenska. ( laughs ) Will you please make me the happiest man alive... and spend your life with me and marry me? ( laughing ) Johnny: Oh, my gosh. I'm, like, over here crying. ( both laugh ) ( gasps ) Yes. ( laughs ) ( gasps ) ( laughing ) ♪ Just before and after... ♪ Oh, my God. Johnny: Oh, my God. I'm so excited to spend my life with you. Amy laughs: I'm so excited too. I love you. I'll see you later, okay? Amy: Love you! ♪ He split my life in two ♪ ( vocalizing ) ( exhales ) ( laughs ) Oh. woman: Yeah! How'd it go? I'm a fiancée! ( laughs ) ( woman shouting ) ( laughing ) woman: Look at you! My goodness! Beautiful! woman: They even match your outfit! ♪ This ends here, oh-oh! ♪ ♪ There's just before and after you ♪ ♪ Before and after you ♪ AD: I'm just gonna do today different. Because I wanna, like, be sympathetic. Alejandra: Yeah. AD: But I'm just not gonna be made a fool out of. And I feel that way about, like, Clay and Matthew. I feel like Clay was screaming at me. Alejandra: Mm-hmm. I just don't know if I can handle it. And Matthew's so fսck¡ng good, like... Alejandra: Yeah. ...at talking you into a loop, and you're just stuck. "Well, what do I really want?" Alejandra: Yeah. Like, he was playing on what I... on my real life hopes and dreams. Yeah. On my real life... Besides all this sh¡t, like, what I really, really want. Alejandra: Be patient. I can't believe the conundrum that I'm in. ( Alejandra laughs ) Trevor: Mr. Matthew. ( sniffles ) Would you like a sandwich? No. ( Clay clears throat ) man: Matthew, your book is here, sir. ( Matthew mutters indistinctly ) ( rock music playing ) You're welcome. ( vocalizing ) ♪ Gotta find a resolution ♪ AD: Hello. Is anybody in here? Who is about to come through that damn door? ( man sighs ) ( door closes ) Matthew: Good morning. Good morning. How are you? I'm good. How are you? ( exhales ) Going through it. Going through it? Matthew: Yeah. AD: What's up? Nothing. You're going through nothing? Matthew chuckles: I don't know. You know Amber left, right? Yeah. ( inhales ) I would assume that's about me. Well, that would be audacious of you. It's not? AD: I mean, everyone has their own reasons. I don't know hers in particular. ( sniffles ) So what's your thoughts on us? I mean, I still like you. I just think my reality was kind of, like, manipulated a little bit. I also really, really wanted to go through this journey. ( sniffles ) I felt like it was kind of being, like, played with a little bit. ( sniffling ) Okay. You're sniffling. Are you, like, sick, or are you crying? ( chuckles ) Um, it's been tough for me today. ( sniffles ) ( exhales ) AD: Oh, my God. Matthew: sh¡t. Um... ( sniffles ) ( exhales ) It hurts because I've never felt the way I did with you before. But... ( sighs ) You know, America, they do love a good underdog, and they do love comebacks. I think I now got the entire country of America on my side. I know that you are thinking about the lights and the camera and the action, but, like, I put all that aside when I came here, and I'm really, like, wanting to go through the process, because, like, I've seen it work. ( sniffles ) I just don't like the way that you sound today. I don't think you really wanna do it with me. Just be honest with me. Please. You feel like you've had another connection with somebody? Um, yes. All right, well... I think you're an amazing person. ( sniffles ) AD: Mm-hmm. But it's not fair to you that I can't commit to the plan that you want, so I'm done. ( sniffles ) And I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry too. This is, like, really unfortunate. ( Matthew sniffles ) But I hope you know, everything I said to you, I meant. And I know you want that moment. I care about you. And I want you to be happy. ( sniffles ) And... You sound devastated. Is it because Amber's gone? ( sniffles ) Yeah, I feel like I broke somebody's heart on national TV. Some... just... you've... ( chuckles ) Yeah. And then I did the same thing to you yesterday. Yeah. Matthew: America's gonna be watching. AD: Okay, Matthew. Well, I'm gonna head out. Matthew: Okay. ( pop music playing ) Okay, bro. ♪ Am I okay? ♪ ♪ Am I okay? ♪ ♪ Am I okay? ♪ ( scoffs ) ( singer vocalizing ) Like, what? Be so fսck¡ng for real right now. No. Matthew: I'm done. I'm gonna go get Amber. Amy: So last night I had a dream. I was with Johnny. And my soul knows that it's him and that it's Johnny speaking to me. It's the weirdest thing. I've never had a dream like that where it's just like I'm talking to blank space, but it's a person at the same time. Freakin' weird. It feels amazing to have someone just love me for who I am, not for anything else. Oh, man. Just for the really crappy jokes I tell, the person I am, the values I have, everything. It just... it's magical. Like, if I am able to actually marry this woman and say "I do" at the altar, like, it's gonna be the best feeling ever. I know I love her. I'm scared. I don't wanna get hurt again, but... I'm letting it ride. And it feels amazing. ( laughs ) Amy: Finding love through this experiment is the most beautiful and most rewarding experience ever. I mean, I've always believed that, in my heart and my soul that at the end of the day, what truly matters is that connection. And I just know that, like, he's very much in love with me as I am with him, so... I feel like, yeah, 100%, love is blind. ( laughing ) Oh, my God! I'm in love with a man I haven't even seen! ( laughs ) ( "The Weight of Your Words" by the Venice Connection playing ) ( exhales ) ( exhales ) ♪ Just keeps pushing me under you ♪ ♪ I can't fall asleep ♪ ♪ Wondering about ♪ ♪ Those memories... those memories ♪
( pop music playing ) Mackenzie: We were talking about some of our quirks or whatever. He was like, "I pick my nose." Restroom. He said he picks his nose? ( laughing ) He said, "Yeah, everybody picks their nose." I need to talk to him about that. He's also like, "I pee in the pool." I was like, "In the shower?" He said yes. I said, "I pee in the pool and shower." You pee in the pool? Mackenzie: Yes. AD: Pee in the pool? Mackenzie: Yes. It's a crime, friend. That's a crime against humanity. ( laughing ) Yeah. And we both pee in the shower. Brittany: Shower, yeah. But the pool? You're saving water at that point. I'm appalled. Don't look at me differently. I will never judge you. Pee on your man. Okay. Thank you. ( laughing ) Oh! But don't pee in a pool that I'm in. ( laughing ) Y'all have got to relax. I don't know what these men are doing to y'all... ( dance music playing ) ♪ Stuck on you ♪ ♪ I can't get enough, get enough of you ♪ ♪ Little bit of lovin', we can't lose ♪ ♪ ♪ I had a wild dream. A wild dream. Sarah Ann: I did have a wild dream. Jeramey: Okay. It was the first dream I had. And I woke up and I was like, "Ooh! Okay." "We're not gonna talk about I'm not even kidding. I woke up, and I forgot where I was at for a second. Whoa, whoa. Yeah, yeah. Do you talk during sеx? Jeramey: Not really, no. No? Is it a red flag if someone does? Oh, I don't mind. Sarah Ann: Okay. Jeramey: Doesn't bother me. Okay, cool. Jeramey: It's just for me, I think about it in the sense of, like, who wants to hear a guy being like, "Oh yeah, oh"? I don't even know that. Like, I've just had conversations before. Jeramey: That's fսck¡ng weird. Why? Why? If you're talking in the middle of sеx, you're not occupied well enough. Okay, your preference. Jeramey: I've never been with someone talking during sеx. Are you showboating? I've got... I've got my ways. Sarah Ann: Okay. There is a couple of things I'm fairly confident about. Sarah Ann: Sweet. You just have to find out one day. There is a difference between having sеx... Sure. ...and then being emotionally connected to someone that you are having sеx with. I agree. Jeramey: And I want that, and I want it, like, bad. That sh¡t's fire, isn't it? Jeramey: It is. Like... Sarah Ann: Crazy. Crazy. Crazy. Does crazy scare you? Jeramey hesitates: You know what? Everybody's gotta have a bit of crazy. That's what makes it fun. ( laughs ) Yeah. It kind of also in a weird way makes you reassured that your person is, like... Really cares about you, really loves you. Oh, you're talking about that kind of crazy. There's so many things in my life that make me feel like I'm being judged or I have to be a certain type of person. I think that with you everything feels free to me. Like, I don't feel like I have to be anything other than who I am. I've never had that with anybody before. Um... And I just have fun with you. Like, nothing makes me feel... alive like this. Like, I would have never imagined sitting in a freaking box and genuinely, like, being able to, like, feel this alive. You know? Like, I... And the only person here that's ever made me feel that way is you. I've definitely got feelings for you. Feelings that, you know... ( chuckles ) ...are more physical than are mental at this point. With somebody else or me? Jeramey: No. Me. Kind of a sеxual tension type of thing. I know. I told you that early on. I know. I'm not gonna act like I'm not confident. It's fսck¡ng wild that literally a person I've never seen before... Like, I can feel like that, and... It's not gonna be a problem. ( laughs ) I mean, and I hope not. ( "Tie Me to the Bed" playing ) ♪ Tie me to the bed ♪ ♪ Tie me to the bed now, baby ♪ ♪ I feel it, baby ♪ ♪ I've been trying hard to fight it ♪ ♪ But it's coming ♪ I'm gonna marry Jeramey. Like, it's gonna happen, 'cause I already know. Skrrt. Y'all are gonna get married. I know. My top person that I've planned my whole goddamn holiday Christmas day with... We're getting into it. We get along really well. We're similar on a lot of things. So what is the freakin' hold up? Laura: What's the hold up? Alejandra: Do you know who else he's dating here? Oh, okay. Gotcha. Laura: Yeah, yeah. She talks. He's the only person that I've talked to about real life. Today will be very telling. But who knows? Again, I could be the one. I could be the second choice. ( grunts ) AD: Yeah. ( Laura exhales ) I don't know what my fսck¡ng problem is today. ( sniffles ) Are you crying? ( laughs ) No. Jeramey: Oh. Yeah? No? No, I'm not. Um, I don't know. Let's change the subject, maybe. Well, what's up? I can't even believe I'm saying this. Um... I don't know. I feel like I'm the type of person in the past to where, like, I haven't even, like, let myself figure out if I am, like, compatible with someone because I get, like, stuck on the little things. And then it's like, "Oh, you're done." Like, or "I'm done." Jeramey: Yeah. Yeah. Like, I'm not interested anymore. And, um, with you, I made, like, a pros and cons list. When I tell you I, like, ran out of space for the pro side... ( both chuckle ) And then there was just, like, a few things on the con side. ( sniffles ) I cannot believe I'm crying. There's a lot... like, there's so many qualities about you that, like, I don't know, like, I like and that are, like, foundationally very important to me. That it's like, we don't have to have all the same hobbies. We don't have to like to do all the same things. And, like, we can be separate people, but, like, when it comes to, like, family values, those are the things that's important to me. ( sniffles ) It's like, that's where we align. That it's, like, I don't know. I don't even care about, like, the other little things that, like, have been big for me. It's just you for me. And that's... that's it. And I know it's, like, a lot to put on you 'cause you're dating other people and that might seem unfair. ( sniffles ) So I wasn't even gonna say anything, but, like, I come in this fսck¡ng room and then lose my mind. ( chuckles ) Wow. ( Laura chuckles ) So that's it. I'm sorry for laying all that on you. Thank you for sharing all of that, but, like, I was literally laying in bed last night, and I was thinking to myself, like, "I just wanna talk to her." ( chuckles ) Yeah. Jeramey: And I'm not like that. Like, I'm very much a, you know... I like to internalize my thoughts and things like that and handle it, and I was like, "I just wanna see her. I wanna hug her." "I wanna hold on to her and just talk and..." This is gonna sound insane. ( chuckles ) Jeramey: I know you're gonna agree with the insanity of this, but I'm, like, falling for you. I've never seen you. ( chuckles ) And I've never met you in person. But everything about you is, like, the same thing. It checks all of the boxes, and I can't think of a negative. ( sniffles ) I could probably give you some. ( chuckles ) I'd love to hear 'em. Maybe not right now, 'cause we're in a moment. I'm gonna be a raisin by the time I leave here. Like, a dried-up... Jeramey: From crying all the time? Like, a dehydrated-ass raisin. Jeramey: What you been crying about? Just you! Oh. ( exhales ) ( Laura chuckles ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ You were born to be a fighter ♪ ♪ I know you'll keep pushing Just keep pushing ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Clay: AD! Clay! ( laughs ) It has been a journey. Yes. AD: For sure. Whirlwind, right? Yeah. A whirlwind. ( chuckles ) Clay: A whirlwind. AD: Honestly, I felt lost in the beginning. It was, like, so bizarre, but I just kept finding comfort, like, in you. It's just been a blast, to be honest. Clay: Yeah. It's been a fսck¡ng blast. This felt right all the time. AD: Yeah. Honestly, like... It's... I just gotta thank you for just getting me to this point of just feeling like the man that I should feel like. Period! You know what I mean? No, I mean it. I mean it. Listen, I'mma get you to feel like the woman you deserve to feel like. You know what I mean? ( laughs ) I never anticipated I would be here. I remember, like, "There's no way I'm gonna end up getting married." There's no way I'm gonna find my fiancée on the other side without seeing her. AD: Yeah, that is a thing. I shot myself in the mouth so many times. I said, "Girl, if you don't show me what you look like, there ain't no way I'm proposing." I was like, "Okay, bro! Play yourself if you want." Clay: You know what? Play yourself if you want. Clay: AD, I wanna be better for you. I feel so... Like a weight has been lifted off my shoulder, AD. AD: Yeah. And everything happens for a reason. Yep. Clay: Why would God even send me here? I didn't watch the show. I didn't know what to expect. When I did kind of get a glimpse of it, I was just like, "That's not me." Yep. Yep. Clay: I'm not the emotional guy. And then I break down. I cry. Yeah. And it's like, "Okay, things been clear." And if it's cool with you, baby, I just wanna read this verse if I could. Okay? Mm-hmm. "Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding." "In all your ways, submit to Him, and He will always make your path straight." And it's such a beautiful verse, honestly, AD. Yeah. Clay: The one thing I yearn for is to always be validated and for someone to truly like me for who I am and love me for the person that I am. I don't trust that. "Let me just talk about my external stuff." "Let me lead with the physical and let me lead with my accolades." And you just kind of saw past my bullshit. ( laughs ) Clay: You really did. And you still, like, was like, "Okay, I see something in him." Yeah. I knew there was more. Clay: You knew there was more. I knew there was more. Clay: And you believed in me, AD. To me, that's the biggest thing, right? Yeah. I didn't think I would fall in love this way, and it's like, I did. ( sighs ) I'm shaking. Clay: I feel like I know you so much. Mm-hmm. Clay: And I trust you so much. Mm-hmm. Clay: When I'm telling you, "I'm so serious about you, baby, like..." The fact that you validated me every step of the way, like, I'm never gonna abandon you. We are a partnership. We are a team. The most dynamic team, I would say. I'll agree. Know what I mean? Mm-hmm. Clay: At the end of the day, I'm just ready to take this next step with you, so... I will bend the knee. AD: Stop playing with me. I'mma bend the knee, baby. Stop playing with me. But I need to know, will you take my lovely hand in marriage and walk this life with me and rock out with your boy, Clay? ( chuckles ) ( gasps ) Oh, my gosh! Yes, absolutely, 100%! ( Clay laughing ) Let's go! ( shouts, laughs ) Clay: Let's go! AD, I ain't even fսck¡ng prepare for that. I just came in. ( AD gasps ) ( Clay laughs ) sh¡t, Clay! Clay: Let's get married, baby. ( shouts ) ( exhales ) Clay: Wow! How you feel? AD: I am elated. ( sighs ) And, like, I trusted you, like, with my life, literally with my life, and you did not let me down. No. And you did not drop the ball. Oh, you giving me this moment is, like, everything to me. Clay: This is something I yearn for, to be married, and to find someone like you in this process. You just always came through for me. ( AD gasps ) Always have my back. I really appreciate it, AD. ( sobs ) Like, it was no question for me. I'm breaking down over here. Clay chuckles: It's okay, baby. Oh, my God. I can't believe it. I'm not nervous, AD. I'm not. Oh, good. Clay: 'Cause you are my baby. I need my baby to feel like she on top of the world. I'm so happy. I want you to... I just want you to have the time of your life. AD: Yeah. Like, I really wanna give that to you. You deserve it. I'm just so thankful that God brought me to you. And, listen, baby, this is forever. ( AD chuckles ) Forever and forever. ( laughs ) Clay: This is to you, baby. Cheers, honey. Clay: Cheers. Clay. Ooh! I love you, honey. Clay: I love you too, baby. We're in this forever. ( squeals ) ( Clay laughs ) Damn, I'm like a little kid right now. ( AD squeals ) ( chuckles ) AD and Clay sitting in a tree... K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I-N-G. ♪ Wake me up now... Let's go! AD: Let's fսck¡ng... Let's go! ( shouts ) ♪ I never thought That I'd feel that you could be the one ♪ ♪ Crashing by, come dreaming ♪ ( AD screams ) ( vocalizing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Play the part ♪ ♪ For in the end ♪ ♪ All the cards will show ♪ Brittany: Being chosen by Ken has been a wonderful feeling. I have felt wanted and needed and heard. I really believe that God has put Ken on the other side of the pod for me. ♪ Ooh-ooh! What's beneath the masquerade? ♪ Kenneth: I've chosen Brittany to be my wife, to be my best friend. I found my person. Brittany gives me so much security. She's utterly trustworthy. Everything that I said my fiancée must have, Brittany has. I feel like he has a big smile. His stature is very strong, but I can't picture the face. Ken and I have talked about race, and he identifies as a Black male. But I see Ken first for who he is on the inside and how much his soul is worth. The color of my skin does not matter. The color of my partner's skin does not matter. This, this, everything about me is going to change one day. And my heart is going to remain the same. Kenneth: The nervous energy and the anxious energy that I have just comes from just, like, I'm finally about to see someone who I've fallen for without ever seeing them. You know, I've always dated Black women. This would be the first time I've ever dated and married outside of my race. Brittany: I'm about to meet my fiancé. Oh, my goodness. ( chuckles ) I am eager to grab my fiancé and be able to hug him and love on him. Our kiss will be very respectful, if I had to take a guess. Um... ( laughs ) But whatever happens happens. ( laughs ) My lips are ready to be kissed for sure. ( laughs ) Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. ( laughs ) I'm ready to be a wife. ( gasps, laughs ) ( laughing ) ( laughing ) Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What's up, baby? ( Brittany exhales ) ( laughing ) Oh, my God. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Hold on to me... ♪ Oh! ♪ Like it's the last time you'll ever... ♪ Delightful. You look good. Hey! Thank you. ( laughing ) You look so good. Thank you! ( laughing ) I am literally... This is crazy. This... Hey, baby! How are you, my love? ♪ Say you'll stay with me... ♪ ( laughing ) Hey. ( laughing ) You look wonderful wearing all black. Oh, my God! Just me and you. Brittany: Oh. It's me and you? Me and you. ( gasps ) Oh, my goodness. Will you be my wife for real? Yes. Oh! ( laughing ) ♪ I promise you I won't let you down... ♪ Oh, my God. ( laughing ) ♪ ...if the stars should burn out ♪ ♪ I will be the light that guides you... ♪ ( shouts, laughs ) I got the prize. She's my person. She's my person. I'm happy to see you. I'm happy to see you. It was so long, wasn't it? Nice to see you. It's nice to see you. You look amazing! Like... Oh, my gosh! ( laughing ) Like, look at this. Thank you, Lord! God is good! All the time. God is good. Yes, He is. I'm so glad to match your voice with your face. Same. Same. And your body. You're tall and handsome. You look even more amazing than I pictured. Really? Seriously. Did you expect me to have brunette hair? I did not! My hair, what'd you think? I like your long hair. Thank you. Your eyes are pretty. The light's hitting them. Mm-hmm. I appreciate you. When he laughs, his little nose scrunches up. ( both laughing ) Brittany: He's precious. I don't believe that it would have mattered what he looked like, but, comma, um... ( chuckles ) ...he is very handsome. How you feeling though inside, like, for real? Hot! ( laughing ) Oh, your voice! I just... It clicked? ( laughing ) That clicked. Like, that was a clicking moment. It's gone now. That was a clicking moment. ( exhales ) Oh, my God. But, yeah, like... Like this. That's how I feel inside. ( sighs ) God, what did I do to deserve... ( laughing ) What did I do to deserve? What did I do to deserve this, literally? I'm so grateful. ( sniffles ) So grateful, literally. Me too. Well, I love you so much. I love you. So, so much. So much. You got a heart of gold. So do you. Come here, my love. ( mutters ) I'm honored to be your fiancée, baby. Honored. ( pop music playing ) ♪ And it's you Because it feels so right... ♪ Wait for me. Choose you every day. It's you. It's time. You're mine. It's you! I love you. Brittany chuckles: I love you. ( laughs ) ( shouts, laughs ) ( laughs ) Brittany: Bye, baby. ♪ Oh-oh-oh! ♪ ♪ And it's you because it feels so right ♪ ♪ And it's you I finally... ♪ ( gasps ) ( gasps ) Hello. Trevor: Hello. Hi! ( gasps, squeals ) ( laughs ) Trevor: What? Have you seen these flowers? I love them! Do you have anything over there? Trevor: A box. Um, okay, I opened the gift. ( Chelsea gasps ) It's very sweet. "My heart is and always will be yours." That's so cute. Do you know what it is? You have to tell me. So when I tap mine... Yeah. ...yours is supposed to vibrate. To let me know, "I'm thinking of you"? Yeah! Trevor: That is cute. That's awesome. Isn't that cute? Trevor: That's adorable. ( gasps ) Your baby's collar? That is so crazy. And it just happens to be a heart with your name on it. That's adorable. Thank you. Okay, what... what's this? It's a rock that says "love." Okay, so the explanation is... Mm-hmm. It's like braille. Like, you could feel it and tell that's the word "love." So, like, "love is blind." Chelsea: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Trevor: And I moved multiple times. And I always kept that rock. And I feel like there's a reason I kept it. And the reason is I feel like I knew I was gonna be here. I'm a big fate person, as you can see. I love that. I feel like both of my gifts to you are kind of like signs. Chelsea: I love that. Yeah. Chelsea: That's very sweet. I've always had the ability to be a good spouse in me. Mm-hmm. I'm a good combination of masculinity. Like, you'll feel protected when you're with me. Whatever you're going through, we're going through together. ( sighs ) I feel like we could be hanging out at home and just be, like, wrestling each other, and then, like, you'll let me have a cry sesh 'cause I had a hard day at work. ( both laugh ) Perfect day. Chelsea: I feel that's a great balance. Mud wrestling, transition to crying. Mm-hmm. Trevor: We'll watch Get ready for me to just constantly be tackling you. You bring a side of, like, joy and happiness that I don't think I've ever felt in a relationship before. That's really good. I think that you and I would make a really good impact on the world. Yeah. And I wouldn't have to be like, "Let's go volunteer, like, here." You wouldn't be like... ( groans ) No, I thought about that as a date. Like, when we get out of here, like, we should go to, like, a soup kitchen and volunteer. That is precious. Yeah, or a dog shelter. I haven't had conversations like this with anybody else. I love you. ( chuckles ) Like, I just love your outlook on life. I feel like you feel the same. Like, you're just... Yeah, no, you're an amazing person. Ay-yi-yi. ( Trevor sighs ) You're making me cry! This is my favorite conversation that we've had. Me too. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Wait until... ♪ ( laughs ) ♪ Just wait until the night ♪ Hello. ( exhales ) Jimmy laughing: What's up? Jessica: I just spilled my drink on myself. I am a mess all the time. That's what you have to look forward to. Jimmy: What's it going to feel like for you when we, you know, we see each other, and we kiss and hug? ( Jessica exhales ) Honestly, I can only imagine. If we already have, like, this kind of electricity, and we can't see each other, touch each other, I'm, like, I'm genuinely concerned that when we do touch each other, we're gonna, like, electrocute ourselves. 'Cause that's how, like, powerful it feels. I know that it's in, like, the very near future, but... Jimmy: Very soon. I can just only imagine. Jimmy: Very soon. What do you think you're gonna feel? I think the love piece goes without saying. I don't foresee it ever being a question about love, but... there's a lot of sеxual tension, so... I'm excited about the lust. ( chuckles ) ( laughs ) Jimmy! Jimmy: I have to tell you how I feel. Yeah, you do. You do. You do. And I want you to every day of your life. But as long as you tell me you love me, when I commit to someone, I commit to someone for the long haul. There's a gigantic box with a bow on it in here. ( Jessica exhales ) Can I open it? You can open it whenever you want to. It's a very, very, very, very, very sentimental item. Which... You're a lover boy, so you might appreciate, but even if you don't, like, just act like you did. I'm opening it. I wrote that a couple years ago to my future husband, and I said I was gonna give it to whoever I could see myself marrying. "To my future husband, I think about you often and wonder if you spend as much time as I do daydreaming about our future." "I wonder if the road that led you to me was as long as the one that led me to you." "It feels like I walked through hell... ( chuckles ) ...wearing gasoline-covered underwear to get to you." ( laughing ) Jimmy: There we go. There's the joke. That's me. Jimmy: Yeah, that's you. "I wholeheartedly know every moment, trial, heartbreak, hard lesson learned will be worth the abundant life we will live together." "I pray for you daily and ask God to bless you with peace, happiness, prosperity and fulfillment." "My hope is that he has been preparing us for each other and helping us..." ( struggling ) I'm a baby. Um... Work with me, sorry. "My hope is that he has been preparing us for each other and helping us both learn ourselves individually so we can love each other." "Although it may take you some time to disarm me and see through the prideful front I put on, I fully commit to giving you the most soft, feminine, vulnerable version of myself." "I promise to raise our children with the same unwavering love and devotion that I've given Autumn." "Thank you in advance for loving her just as much, if not more, as you do me." "She has the key to my heart, so you'll have to ask her for it." "I can't wait to give every part of myself to you." "Cheers to forever, with love and gratitude, your wife." That is very sweet. That's very... I love it. That's... That's, um... I have done a decent job at... expressing my feelings about you. Mm-hmm. And what I can commit to you. It's all those things. You've done a great job. ( both chuckle ) Thanks for that. ( exhales ) Jimmy: No, you've done a great job, and I... I feel really strongly about you too, and I, uh... I don't wanna get so emotional right now. You feel emotional? Jimmy: Yeah. I thought you hung up on me. I would never hang up on you. ( laughs ) ( Jimmy sighs ) Well... How do you feel? I'm happy and lucky that I'm the man who gets to read this. I don't know if I can tell you exactly what you wanna hear at this point. I'm really emotional, and... I got a lot to think about. I'm trying to get to a point where I know for sure. Mm-hmm. And I do want you to know for sure. Feel how you feel. And do that unapologetically, even if you don't feel the same way, which I cannot believe my mouth is uttering those words. But, regardless, I can leave feeling like I did and said everything. Jimmy: I appreciate that. I'd want my wife to lay it all on the line for me and not have any regret. I really, really, really like you, and I really... I really love everything about you. Jessica: Well, good. I'm glad you do. I want you to. I know if I want to pursue a long-term relationship with you, like, there's just something I need to think about, and that's because you have Autumn. I don't want you to think that I'm not happy and thankful, and, like, I don't feel like the luckiest man in the world that you... ( chuckles ) ...shared that with me, 'cause I actually do. Thank you. You're welcome. ( chuckles ) ( laughing ) Oh, like, you're welcome, bud. Like, I don't know what... Jimmy: Oh. Don't "bud" me. Jessica laughs: That's... crazy. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't like this. Like, at all. You're torn between me and somebody else. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're feeling, I don't know if you're just, like, beating around the bush about it 'cause you don't feel the same way. Which if you haven't noticed by now, like, I'm a big girl. If that's how you feel, just say that. Jimmy: I'd prefer our dates to be our dates and not talk about where my head's at picking between two people. I'm not gonna jump the gun and tell any woman I love them. I'm not asking you to tell me that you love me. You don't... I know, but I... when I... when I love someone, I freakin' love someone. Like, you're gonna get every inch of everything we've talked about and the ways I love and every bit of all that. I refuse to drop the word love unless I am 100% sure. And I know you're... You're not asking for that, but I'm not doing that with someone else. I'm not... I'm not doing that with you. I know what you wanted to hear, and I want to say that, but it's unfair for me to even say anything to you about how I feel if I'm not 100% sure that I'm gonna be on the knee for you. Well, that's absolute literal blasphemy, and I don't agree with that. Because I told you how I felt, knowing good and well. And I'm still okay with the fact that you might not feel the same way. I cannot give you anything else at this point. I have very strong feelings for you, and I want you to know that. You've literally poured your heart into this and, like... I... I have too. You don't think that I've got my point across every time we're in the pod together about how I feel about you? How I feel about you goes without saying. Your feelings for anyone, especially me, never go without saying. Because it does not go without saying. I can't believe you said that to me. "I think that the way I feel about you goes without saying." How am I to know how you feel about me if you don't say it? I hate this feeling. I hate this feeling so much. I'm not gonna chase you. I'm not gonna talk you into being with me. I wanna feel like the prize. I wanna feel like you're pursuing me. I think you like the idea of being with someone who's, like, as intense and as direct as I am, but, like, I think it would probably be easier for you to be with someone who's a little bit more gentle with you. ( exhales ) I've never dated anybody that's direct. Do I think I can handle it? I... I really think I can, but... I'm typically drawn to someone that lets me lead 100% of the time. Jessica: Mm-hmm. But what I've had in the past, it hasn't worked. I'm not giving up. I'm not walking away or, like, going to bed angry, but it's feeling forced, and that's just not us. Yeah. I think we should leave it alone for now. I'm good with that. I want you to find the clarity and peace that you need to figure out who you wanna spend the rest of your life with. I feel like continuing to talk about it is making me feel like I'm having to talk you into it. And I don't want that. Well, thank you for wrapping that up because I can't make up... ( chuckling ) ...I can't form a sentence to figure out how to tell you how I feel. Jessica: Yeah, and I'm gonna tell you, like, if I even want it anymore by the time you decide what you wanna do, that is something I will need. ( pop music playing ) ♪ It feels like a fire is rising... ♪ You are never gonna put me in this position again to where I'm left wondering how you feel about me. Jimmy: Trust me, I wish I knew... I wish I had a decision at this point. Everything that I've shared with you, I haven't shared with anybody else. I don't have anything else to say. I really don't. And maybe I will talk to you later. ( pop music playing ) ♪ And if it all goes away ♪ ♪ Will you run and hide? ♪ ♪ Who'll be on your side? ♪ ♪ Everything can fade ♪ ♪ Don't wanna see the signs ♪ ♪ Are we gonna fight? ♪ ( vocalizing ) He's just very, very torn and doesn't know what he wants right now. fսck. I told him, "You do what you need to do." 'Cause this is the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. For you to leave me wondering how you feel... You are never gonna have the opportunity to do this again, so do what you need to do. And I was very direct with him. And the indecisiveness in itself is not reassuring, 'cause he's not about to pull that sh¡t when Autumn is in the picture. You don't know how you feel? You can't, like, articulate it? You can't even write it down? Mackenzie: Right. No. You good? Jimmy: It was not a fun conversation. Conversation started well, but I'm not gonna tell her what I wanna say and what she wants to hear if I'm not 100% sure. I didn't prepare too well for the conversation. Every time I've talked to her, it's been, like, really easy to talk to her. And, uh, she handled it the way I would have wanted her to handle it. She didn't give me an ultimatum, but she handled it the most mature way she possibly could, which is like... ( exhales ) What's crazy is if I choose her, like, I genuinely believe that I can have that conversation with her, and she'd be really happy, and I would be happy, but I'm not gonna... tell two people the same thing. You see her possibly again tomorrow, right? I genuinely haven't made up my decision. You keep going with your heart, man. You keep going with your heart. Yeah. It's all gonna fall the way it's supposed to fall. It's just confusing, man. ♪ You don't wanna let go ♪ ♪ I don't wanna let go ♪ ♪ So we'll just Let it fall apart real slow ♪ ♪ You don't wanna let go I don't wanna let go ♪ ♪ So we'll just let it Fall apart real slow ♪ ( Jimmy sighs ) Hello. Hello. Chelsea: Hi! Jimmy: How's your day? Chelsea: It's been a good day! How's your day? ( Jimmy sighs ) It's been a long day. Chelsea: Yeah? Yeah. Long, long day. Chelsea: You wanna talk about it? ( exhales ) Are you good? Jimmy: Yeah, I'm good, great. I'm excited to be in here with you. And there's a big old gift in here too. ( Chelsea laughs ) You do not have a gift, and I did not give a gift to anybody. So I want you to know that. Are you okay? Not on my best game right now, but, um... ( sighs ) It makes me happy that I'm in here with you. Should we talk about something light? No. Jimmy: No? I just wanna know what's going on. ( Jimmy sighs ) I don't like to talk, like, other dates. Well, clearly that's the situation we're in. I mean, obviously, I think you know who I've been seeing. I know who you've been seeing. I wanted to see the Jess thing through and our conversation today was... absolutely terrible. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. I felt really good about you, I felt really good about her, and... and I'm here to find a wife. I'm here to find my best friend forever. Mm-hmm. Jimmy: I was gonna try to maximize my time with everybody, and... ( sighs ) Boy, do I feel terrible. Yeah. Jimmy: From doing that. Chelsea: You wanna make sure you're making the right decision, obviously. You know, that's the situation I'm in right now too. Jimmy: Mm-hmm. ( inhales ) ( exhales ) It's been a really long process. Feels like we've been here for months. Mm-hmm. It's been an even longer time since I've tried to express my feelings for someone. I just have so much fun when I'm with you, and... I haven't even really hung out with you. We've hung out, but, like, we're not even looking at each other. It's insane and... ( laughs ) Um, I get so happy when I think about, you know, our life together and all the fun things that we've already planned. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. ( chuckles ) So I'm not the smoothest at sort of talking through this, but... You're okay. Jimmy: Yeah. Yeah. It's been a long time since I've felt this way about someone, but... I love you, Chelsea. ( gulps, sighs ) ( Jimmy exhales ) ( shuddering ) Holy sh¡t. Just please say something. Um, I'm about to throw up. ( gasps ) I did not expect that. ( gasps ) Oh, my God. ( chuckles ) I wish you could just feel my emotions right now. ( Jimmy sighs ) I thought you were literally just about to tell me to hit the road. Oh, man. I am like... I wanna puke, first of all. I'm flattered. ( laughs ) Stop. Never told a girl I love them and they wanna puke. Stop! It's just from... That was emotional for me just now. ( exhales ) Holy sh¡t. This should be a really, really happy feeling. And it is. It's such a happy feeling. It feels so, so good. ( sighs ) It doesn't seem that way. Chelsea scoffs: What are you talking about? ( sniffles ) I came in today thinking I need to get down to how Jimmy's feeling 'cause I don't know. Jimmy: Mm-hmm. And, you know, how Trevor is feeling. And where his head's at, and... I obviously haven't told anyone I love them. I wanted to wait for the person who decided to... propose to me. Oh, my God. I just don't... I just wanna make sure that you are 1,000% sure. Well... I ain't asked you to marry me yet. But I am 1,000% sure I love you. ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) Are you okay? Are you okay? Jessica: No. Literally head over heels. Yeah. The purest of love. Mackenzie: What if... What if he ended things with her? He didn't. How do you know? I just know. If he was gonna end things with her, he wouldn't have gone through the whole date. There's no way he can make a decision about me because we're literally in a fight right now. Laura: What's up, babe? ( whispering ) What's up? It's hard, but, um... ( whispering ) Jimmy told me he loved me. Shut the fսck up. And I don't wanna say anything. Yay! May I ask what the conversations that y'all had today? I told him yesterday my feelings for him, and our date was literally perfect, but he didn't really give a response to it. And I was okay with that 'cause typically, it takes him a minute. When you tell him something important, he thinks about it, and then he'll come back. ( whispering ) Baby, you gotta go. It's time to go. Jessica: Hmm? Laura: It's my mission to protect you at all costs. It's time for you to go. You should go. You should leave on your own. He chose her? Laura: I'm not saying anything, but... I just want you to leave. Why? Laura: On your own accord. Just trust me on this. Tell me why. Laura: No. Just trust me. I'm serious. He's not your man. Jessica: Can you please tell me why? No. He's not your man. I promise. I'm telling you. We know he's not your man. Baby, you saw when I walked in here. I know nothing. I know nothing. Is this because of something she told you or something that you heard? Like, is this factual information? I'm just saying trust me. Mackenzie: I know, baby. ( Jessica sniffles ) Laura: You gotta protect your heart as much as you can at this point. ( Jessica sniffles ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Are we just dreaming? ♪ ♪ Falsely believing... ♪ ( Jessica sobbing ) How did this happen to me? Mackenzie: You gave everything. ( sobbing ) ( sobs ) I cannot believe this. ( sobs ) I can't believe this. ( gasps ) I can't believe this. ( sobbing ) ♪ It's more than an illusion Causing confusion... ♪ I cannot believe he did this to me. Mackenzie: The right man would never do this. I know. I feel so stupid. Mackenzie: This isn't a reflection of you. Brittany: Mnh-mnh. By any means. Mackenzie: This is not a reflection of you. ( sobbing ) I really, really loved him. Mackenzie: I know. I know you did. I really did. ( sobs, sniffles ) I need to get out. And I need to leave. ♪ And it was meant to be torn apart ♪ ♪ We can't defy the stars ♪ ♪ Brace for the fall It was written in the constellations ♪ ( music continues ) The man I was before I came here is definitely a different man than I am now. I didn't think I would fall in love with someone's personality. I really never thought that. When I first got here, I was bitching, "Oh, the physical..." Now, it's like, "Damn." I always wanted love. I just never really expressed it. I've always wanted to be married. I just never really expressed it. Because, I don't know, I just didn't think I was a guy that was gonna find it. Peace, peace, peace. Divine order, divine order, divine order. Honestly, like, there's no cap in what I say. Like, I had no idea I would be here. And the way how I feel is fսck¡ng crazy. Like, my mind is so blown. I love AD. I love AD. I definitely love AD. ( pop music playing ) ( chuckles ) ( exhales ) I do not care what Clay looks like. ( chuckles ) And Clay has no idea what I look like. And it was enough. It was enough for him. ( gasps ) I never thought I would feel like this. I'm so excited to see him and squeeze him. And love on him. Yeah. Clay: This is crazy. It's the most beautiful thing to have someone loving you and not seeing how I look like, 'cause that's definitely gonna be a plus. ( exhales ) I'll be lying to you if I say I don't think the physical is important. But I just have a feeling that AD's definitely gonna be a good-looking girl. I don't even wanna even start thinking about the possibility she doesn't look good. Like, ugh! At the end of the day, I do love that girl behind those closed doors. So it's like I got no... I got no choice but to love that girl. ( exhales ) I'm so excited to see my baby. ( sighs ) Clay put in effort for me... ( exhales ) ...to be a better man, to be a better person. I'm engaged. ( laughs ) ( sighs ) ( exhales ) This is crazy. This is crazy. This is crazy. ( exhales ) ( exhales ) ( laughs ) Clay: Ooh. ( chuckles ) AD! Oh, my God! ( chuckles ) In the flesh. Hey, baby. ( AD gasps ) Hello. Hi, honey. Mmm. Them lips on you. How you doing, baby? Come on. The voice. You too. Come on. Look at us. I know. It's right here. Right? Damn. Hi! In the flesh. Let me get you your ring, baby. ( chuckles ) I'm supposed to get on the knee, right? Yeah. Of course, right? Hi! Slide it on you. ( squeals ) I'm shaking. You're shaking? ( squeals ) You got it! Got it! I don't wanna get it too tight. Oh, my God. How's it look, baby? It looks good? Look at you calling me "baby." Of course. Mmm! Hi. You okay? Yeah. It's been a lot, right? Do you want to sit? Let's sit. Let's sit. Let's sit. Oh, my gosh. I got my ring! I'm just so happy! And he's so fսck¡ng cute! ( shouts ) He's so fսck¡ng cute. Isn't it crazy that we was behind the closed doors this whole time? Isn't that crazy? We like, huh? Yeah. Mm-hmm. ( laughing ) AD: How do you feel? ( chuckles ) This has been so crazy. Yeah. Like, so surreal, honestly. But definitely happy to do this process with you. Your voice is, like, making me tingle! Really? ( laughing ) Yeah. You know. ( chuckles ) Oh, my God. Yeah, baby, yeah. I'm just so shook. Yeah? In the best way. In the best way. In the best way? Mmm! Mmm! ( both laugh ) I get to be around my baby. I know. My Boston girl. ( laughs ) Period. ( laughs ) Hey, I'm just so, like... Yeah. Yeah. both: Mm-hmm. ( laughing ) Let me move over. Right? Getting too hot? It's getting hot. Yeah. How's it feel? You get to hold me and see me. ( chuckles ) I mean... ( sighs ) It feels great. Like, finally. I know. Right? Get your voice... Like, to see you, like, it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah? I'm just, like, in awe, you know? Then, when I saw you, I was like... Do you need to see a little more? All right. Oh, my... ( trills ) My strings. Whoo! AD. Yeah. Wow. Oh, Clay... ( laughs ) Wow. I don't know what to do now. I know you don't. I know you have no idea what to do. No idea. No clue. Your back is so smooth. I love backs. Thank you. Oh, you love back? I do. I got back. ( chuckles ) You do. You got a lot of back. ( laughs ) Wasn't it crazy, everything we just did? Mm-hmm. You said, "AD, I am not getting on one knee if you don't tell me what you look like, if I'm not confident in your looks." And I was like, "I'm just not doing that." both: "I'm not doing that." I was like, "Well..." But I came back the next day. You did. Redemption. Came the next day. Redemption. Am I anything what you, like, imagined? Like, I tried not to imagine you. I kind of got past the physical stuff. You did, yeah. From the conversations that we were having. So, yeah, definitely was not trying to put a face to it. But, yeah, I'm definitely impressed. Know what I mean? I just wanna be close to you. I know. You smell good, and I didn't know you were, like, dark-skinned. Yes, yes. I didn't know either. Look at this. Look at us. Look at us. Look at... ( chuckles ) Black love. Black love. Black love, baby. Black love. Black love. Oh, my gosh. I'm so happy you stuck through. Mm-hmm. And you persevered and you pushed. And pushed back on me as well. Yeah. I'm happy we made it here. Yeah, me too, baby. I'm happy. You're too gorgeous! Look at my baby. Thank you! ( squeals ) Clay chuckles: Can you believe it? ( chuckles ) Doesn't it look so good on my finger? It does. Dang! I love it. I love it. AD: Look at your hands. It's all right. You have some nice hands. It's okay. I can't believe this. I just wanna cuddle with you. You know? Mm-hmm. It's been a lot. I know. ( Clay exhales ) Just be... just be in your presence. I'm a baby. You know that, right? You are a baby. Yeah. I can feel you sinking in. I was about to sink in. ( laughing ) Yeah, I know. So you need to sink in? Or can I... can I... Can I, like, lay my chest on you? You know what I mean? I'm a baby. You know, I'm gonna be a baby. I'm gonna need to get babied sometimes. You got me? ( laughs ) Big-ass baby. Big-ass baby. You know? You're so handsome. Think so? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah? ( both chuckle ) Yeah, honestly, I'm... I'm in shock. Kissing AD is electric. Just crazy chemistry. We're gonna have some beautiful dark babies, like... And the body is crazy. It's just like beautiful face, crazy body. Like, I think... ( laughs ) I'm gonna have some fun, you know? I'm gonna have some fun. Lucky guy. Lucky guy for real. AD sighs: Oh, my gosh. Mm! ( both chuckle ) Let me see that ring one more time? ( exhales ) Oh. It looks so good on you, baby. Thank you. I love when you call me "baby." You love it? both: Mm! AD: Okay. Miss you. Think about me, okay? I will. You look great. Thank you, baby. AD: Mm! ( both chuckle ) ( "Something to Believe In" by Robin Loxley and Oliver Jackson playing ) Clay: I guess I keep the box. Yeah, I'll keep the ring. ( both laugh ) AD! All Day! All Day, O-Clay! O-Clay! ( laughs ) Whoo! ( laughs ) ♪ Open your eyes to discover... ♪ ( shouts, laughs ) ♪ You might find something... ♪ Oh! ( gasps ) ♪ Something to believe in ♪ ♪ Just give me something to believe in ♪ Dude, when we first got here, with Clay, I was like, "Why? Why are you here?" He can be a player. He was gonna be the cool, whatever... Yeah. No, but I genuinely believe everything he says now. And with Jimmy, I'm either gonna pick him up and hug him or tackle you through the wall. ( all laughing ) Trevor: No, I would be happy for you either way. Thanks, man. ( chuckles ) Like... Ugh, yeah. I'm not a religious man, but I might start reading that. If he says no to Jessica in hopes of Chelsea, then it's 50/50. If he says yes to Jessica, that's a clear-cut... As long as she says yes. ( laughing ) Damn it, Trevor. Trevor: I know you thought about this. ( groans ) Trevor: fսck. Chelsea has it the worst. Johnny: I think so too. Yeah. Trevor: As it should be. We're both... I don't know what type of tone I'm gonna get with either of these women. I have no idea. Yeah. I don't know if I'm gonna get an ultimatum. I don't know... Trevor: Yeah, yeah. Jimmy: They walk out on me because I haven't made a decision yet. I didn't even think about that. ( chuckles ) But that is an option. Johnny: Guys, don't call them by the wrong names. ( laughing ) Whoa! I'm not going to. Johnny, don't put that in my head! ( all laugh ) Trevor: Good luck, buddy. You got this, Jimmy. You got this. I'm not gonna lie. I'm not nervous about the act of proposing. I'm nervous about the answer if she's with him first and him walking out and being like, "I'm engaged to the girl you were about to propose to." That would suck. ( chuckles ) It's gonna potentially be Chelsea said yes to him, I still go into my day optimistic that she didn't, and I get, like, ripped apart by her. Or the exact opposite, and she said no to him, and then I got a shot. I don't know why. I still think it's me. God. ( pop music playing ) ♪ The day I met you I was set on you ♪ ( vocalizes ) Jimmy: Hello. Jessica: Hello. What's up, Jess? How are you feeling? I've had better days. How are you feeling? ( sighs ) Yeah, I feel the same. It's been a roller coaster. It's, um, not fair, you know? Um... Not fair to who? ( sighs ) It's not fair to you. Why would you say that? Oh, my gosh. I'm sorry. ( sighs ) Say that again. Jimmy: It's hard to, you know, have a tough conversation, and... I... Literally spare me of the pity party. Please. At the very least, what you owe me is just one single ounce of directness. Okay, I... Okay, I... I really care about you, and I was very optimistic about you from the moment I stepped in the pod with you. Obviously, there... There was a connection there, and it was an incredible feeling. And I came here to find my wife and the future mother of my kids. I know that you're... You're already an incredible mother. You're going to be an amazing wife... for someone else. Uh, at this point, I love someone else. And it is hard to talk about this stuff because no one wants to ever break up with anyone. ( sighs ) Yeah, it's really hard for me to feel sorry for you. ( voice breaking ) You ruined this opportunity for me. You ruined it. And you should be ashamed of yourself for letting me feel that way. Because you know just like I do, for the right person, I'd never have to wonder if I was too much. But you knew that I was. And you let me pour my heart out to you more than once. I've made excuses for you, and I've told myself, "Oh, well, Jimmy just needs time because I am a lot." And now we're out of time, and I'm leaving here alone. That was not supposed to happen. I deserved so much more than what you've given me. It's not fair for me to even begin to try to give you what you want if I'm not 100% sure. I didn't know yesterday. Why didn't you tell me that at any point before yesterday? It wasn't until our final date. It ended so terribly. Exactly. And you chose like you always do to do absolutely nothing. Jimmy: The only thing I wanted to do yesterday was... I wanted to wait until this morning to make my decision. I genuinely did. You made your decision last night. Don't you dare insult my intelligence by telling me you didn't have your mind made up. I said I wanted to make... You told someone else. Don't cut me off! You told someone else that you loved them yesterday. I would have hoped that you had made your mind up if that's how you felt. I told someone else 'cause I got the clarity I needed. After our date. Jessica: How? I'm not gonna lie to you. I'm absolutely devastated. I'm more than heartbroken. But you know what? There is going to be something better for me, and it is not you. I do think it's unfair to say that I had my mind made up yesterday, because I didn't. If I am really worked up about something and I am emotionally not on the top of my game, I need someone that can help me with that. I... that's something I lacked. You're right. Yep, you're totally right. If you need someone to hold your hand and guide you and coddle you, she will never be me, and she'll never be a woman like me. When you see and realize what you missed out on, you are going to choke. You're gonna choke. You are going to need your EpiPen to open up your airways because you are going to be in disbelief of what you missed out on. ( exhales ) Thank you for the experience. And truly, Jimmy, God bless you. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Drowning in poison ♪ ♪ It all goes away ♪ ♪ Look what you made ♪ ♪ Nothing's forever ♪ ♪ It's still your fate ♪ ♪ This goes together ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ Lift the veil... ♪ fսck. ♪ From your eyes ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh! What's beneath the masquerade? ♪ ♪ See the truth ♪ ♪ That you hide ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh! What's beneath the masquerade? ♪ ( Chelsea exhales ) I am 50/50 completely torn on Jimmy and Trevor because they both would fit into my life completely different ways. Oh, my God! I don't ever wanna do this again. I wanna throw up. ( whispering ) So was Jess in here? Amy: Yeah. She came in. Mm-hmm. And she met with Jimmy in the morning. Chelsea: Oh, my gosh. Jimmy wasn't giving you those answers a long time ago. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And so look out for yourself, baby. Chelsea: Not knowing. This whole situation is very unknown. I've always dreamt of someone loving me for me and being pure. And just making sure that I am choosing the man that will be everything to me, that will be the ideal husband that I picture him being, which is both of them... And, um, this is the hardest, like, decision I've ever had to make in my life. Um... I just pray that it works out. Oh, God! Oh, sh¡t. Jimmy: I've never been slammed by a woman like this before. I had strong feelings for Jess, but I... Jeramey: Oh, he's smiling! He's smiling. Trevor: Bye, gentlemen. I told Chelsea I love her, and I didn't think I'd be so sure. I'm in love. ( chuckles ) Jimmy: I love Chelsea, and I owe it to her to be happy on this day. And today, I wanna ask Chelsea to marry me. ( Trevor exhales ) The only two in competition are Jimmy and I. It's almost a compliment. Like, we are falling for the same person. Jimmy: Yesterday, Trevor and I were in the bathroom together, just him and I, and her song that she wants to play on the wedding day came on, and we, uh, we both noticed it. I think I'd be a better option for Chelsea, but I think Jimmy... Like, I can see why she likes him. It's all love between Trevor and I, and I got a lot of respect for him. I don't wanna see anybody get hurt, and it's gonna happen. So it... stinks. Trevor: I'm gonna propose to her. She's gonna be the perfect person to spend the rest of my life with. Jimmy: I hope I can get to a place mentally to work up the courage to ask her to marry me, because I will feel like the luckiest man in the world if Chelsea says yes to me. Trevor: I'm 100% certain Chelsea is the one. ( exhales ) ( exhales ) ♪ Feel it in your heart The eye of the storm ♪ ♪ Take my hand and we'll go far ♪ ♪ We're made to be more ♪ ♪ Keep on fighting through the night ♪ ♪ Until we make it, make it out alive ♪ ♪ Through the shadows ♪ ♪ We will, we will rise ♪ ♪ We keep on running for the light ♪ ♪ Never stop Till we see the brighter skies ♪
( "In Paradise" by Martin Bak and Jacob Diab playing ) ♪ I've been dreaming for so long ♪ ♪ Time to wake up and make it happen ♪ ♪ Forget yesterday... ♪ Day two in Punta Cana. ( laughing ) We had a fun time last night. Um, the physical connection is 11 out of 10. I will say that. I'm very happy with it all. Johnny's a tired boy. ( chuckles ) I know. You are. Well. I haven't met this woman before. ( laughing ) It's been less than 24 hours, and we're engaged. ( laughs ) And we're engaged! ( laughs ) ♪ So come on, come on, enjoy the ride ♪ ♪ Come on, come on ♪ ( chuckles ) Chelsea: Wow. You look cute. Last night was great. A lot of cuddling. ( chuckles ) A lot of snuggling. ( laughing ) Mm-hmm. Cute! With our glasses on. ( laughs ) The Geek Squad. ( laughing ) We are the Geek Squad. The true reveal. ( laughing ) Another true reveal, what do you look like underneath all that? ( laughing ) Are you okay with this? I am. Look at you. ( "Wild" by Tiguan Jones playing ) ♪ I love you so much ♪ ♪ Open up your eyes ♪ His snoring was not that bad. Not that bad at all. I was self-conscious about it. Yeah. She did kick me one time. No, I didn't. It was a light shove. It was a polite kick. ( laughing ) I will say, what a handsome couple. ( laughing ) ( "Wrapped in My Arms" playing ) ♪ I've got everything I want right here ♪ ♪ Girl, my home is where you are ♪ ( laughing ) Not us being just giggly all the time. How was our first night together? It felt good. It did? It did. Yeah? Being with you is, like, great! ♪ I moved on ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ I moved on ♪ ♪ I moved on ♪ Mmm. Perfect. ( coughs ) ( laughs ) ( coughs ) You're missing a toenail too? No? No, I'm not! Not you using mine too! ( laughing ) Johnny: You got some toenails! Look at you. I lost one once when I was younger. Aww, what happened? I stubbed my foot at the door. Did you leave it at Walmart? At Wally World? ( laughing ) Amy: Dad humor already. ( laughing ) I feel like we're just awkward in our own way, but we complement each other. I think my feet are cool. They're a little hairy too. I think it adds character. Can you not... ( laughing ) I feel like we're morphing into one slowly. ( laughing ) It's only been a day and a half in person, and we're, like, already kind of like... You know, we're two peas in a pod. ( laughs ) That's a plant. This is water. Little of this on your hair. You better not. ( shouts ) ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ I've got good taste ♪ ♪ I've got good taste ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ I've got good taste ♪ ♪ Uh-huh, I've got good taste ♪ Brittany: Thank you. It was great. woman: It's a pleasure. Ooh. Kenneth: How are you feeling? Good! That was amazing. Let's get weekly massages. Oh, yeah. Let's do it. It's in the budget. Yeah. ( laughing ) "The budget." I really do love being out here with you. Yeah. I think, like, laying down, and when I was looking to the ocean... I was like, "I'm not just here alone." Like, I have someone here who, like, truly loves me for who I am. Like, I couldn't not be on cloud nine. Yeah. Yeah. When you have your person, like... ( chuckles ) Just so good. Yeah. Just look at that water. Look at the water. Brittany: I love it. ( chuckles ) Oh, check you out! Check you out, y'all! Check her out! ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ Got that irresistible move... ♪ Ooh, that was way off! Great job! Jeramey: You up? Yeah. All right, fix my hips. Gladly. ( Laura chuckles ) Yeah, like that. ( shouting ) Yeah? Ah, you hit a bullseye, so... Good job. Laura: Yay! I can do anything. Jeramey: First time. You did good. You can do anything. That's what I love about you. ( chuckles ) That I can do anything? That you think you can do anything. Pretty good at this. You are pretty good. Let's imagine, couple years, we get a house with some property. I could just stand out in the backyard with just, like, a cigar... a big old, like, lumberjack hat, and, just, like, shoot bow and arrows. Like, that'd be the life. ( laughs ) All right, if that's your thing. Yeah, I'm not allowed to have motorcycles or anything anymore, so... You can have one motorcycle. ( splutters ) That I'm not gonna ride. It was my dad's bike. I don't wanna ride it. Okay, so you'll fix up your dad's bike. And then you'll help my dad fix up his Austin-Healey. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Will you really do that? That's what I was looking for. I was like, "Who can help my dad rebuild a car?" ( laughs ) Oh, good and you heard... And maybe, like, fix the fence post. You heard that I worked in the construction industry. ( laughs ) Yes. And you were like, "Nailed it! I'm good." I've been handier than most guys that I've dated. They, like, don't know how to nail a picture. Like, they don't have a stud finder. I do have a stud finder. Okay. You know how you test a stud finder? Boop. ( both laugh ) I cannot. Big dad energy. You're so corny. I know. Look how cute these bananas are. ( gasps, laughs ) You know what that reminds me of? What? ( laughing ) What does that remind you of? Go ahead. What does that remind you of? Nothing. ( laughing ) No, go ahead. I'm just giving you sh¡t. I feel like you're gonna, like, really try to find my buttons and just, like... What gives you that idea? Like, for fun. The fact that I was, like, singing all morning or, like, dancing around in the room? The fact that you just like don't care so much, like, which is a good thing, about me being like, "Stop." Like, "Don't wear that shirt." You're like, "I'm gonna do whatever what I want." ( chuckles ) Which is good. To a point. Sometimes it's playful. Like, "Don't do that." And then I'm like, "Okay, I won't." Then I just do it anyway. Yeah, yeah. If you're ever like, "No, I'm serious." I'll be like, "Okay, my bad." Okay. Your Hawaiian shirts are really all that's on the cuff. Listen, they stay. Look how cute you are today! They stay. I didn't say they have to leave. I said, "No motorcycle." ( exhales ) No Hawaiian shirts. Motorcycles. This is very one-sided. Is there anything that, you're like, "You can't do that anymore"? I don't have any complaints. Ten out of ten. Laura's amazing. Oh, cool, Laura's also beautiful. That just adds to the bonus. Cutie! ( chuckles ) You're ridiculous. ( pop music playing ) ♪ I wanna sing our songs again ♪ ♪ You make me wanna Think about falling for a friend ♪ Clay: Oh, tight. ( man groaning ) ( AD laughs ) Perfect, baby. ( AD laughs ) I like the swirling. Wow! That's tight. Look at you, AD. ( AD laughs ) Look at you. man: It's your turn. Oh, my gosh. Thank you. man: All right. Clay: I love... I love a good smoke. That was so fun. That was nice. Cheers. So good! Cheers! We gotta remember this. I know. I know. Back home. Clay: This was a sexy drink. This was really cute. But you know, I'm not into all the sugar. I don't do pointless calories. Yeah? So I will indulge... I don't even count calories. I know you don't. I've never counted calories. AD: Men and women are different. You think so? I feel like you have a great body. But it's science. Like, what are you talking about? I have a great body 'cause I work hard. AD, if you didn't work hard and you still worked out, you'd still have a great body. You're crazy, bro. I wouldn't even let you get, like, out of shape. Yeah, but what if I do get, like... I'll tell you. ( laughs ) "AD, get in that mοtherfսck¡ng gym." You would not talk to me like that. That's crazy, Clay. If you were out of shape, I would tell you. That way though? You will be determined to go if I said it that way. Be nice! I'm not... you don't think I'm nice? I don't think that was nice. I don't think being like "you need to get in the gym" is nice. It's kind of mean, actually. ( laughs ) Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. AD: We're gonna have children. Yeah, you gotta get right. And I'm gonna have a belly... Yeah, and I would be in the gym with you every day. Trust me. Getting you right. It might be tough, AD. ( exhales ) But, like, are good trainers easy on you? Honestly, though, like, are good trainers easy on you? Especially you being a cheerleader and, like, being in the Patriots? From women coaches, not a man that I'm gonna marry. Better be nice to me. That was a bad delivery? I think that was a terrible delivery. I'll be like, "AD, listen, I need you to go." ( laughs ) Clay! No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! "I need you to go to the gym with me." But I'll be passionate with it. No, no! That won't sit 'cause... Grab my hand. "I need you to come." ( laughing ) You gotta have your husband to give you that tough conversation. AD: That's fine, but be nice. I will. And I think what you were saying was not nice. My delivery could be better. I'll work on that. Honestly, I will. I need to be challenged. That's what happened in the pods. Like, you literally challenged me, and it broke me down. Me being in my ego has been a big issue. Yep, yep. Like, I'm fսckеd up a little bit. Admitting that is powerful. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That in itself is, like, so sexy to me. Yeah? That you can even say... ( laughing ) ( laughing ) Don't tell me that, baby. I mean, we gonna get you in therapy, honey. I really wanna do, um, like, relationship therapy with you. I think therapy definitely changed my life for sure. Clay: When did you start going? Last year. Clay: Really? Really? Nice. Yeah. I was in this, like, weird dating loop, and I was just like, "You know what? I don't know why..." I'm gonna get emotional. But I don't know why, like, the same things keep happening to me over and over and over. And, like, we had to dig deep, like, my childhood. And a lot obviously stems from my father. Yeah. I've been doing the work, and I'm, you know... You have, and I can see that. It might have been difficult for you to open up in the past... The things that I've said to you, I've never said out loud. Yeah. AD: Crazy. Crazy. You telling me your story about your dad, and, like, kind of like you was chasing a man to love you that was not there, you know. Then he passed, and it's like you're trying... it's like almost a void, you know? AD: No, for sure, a void. You know. Me and you think so similar. Yeah. My father has a big part of, like, who I am. And I think I need to uncover that. Mm-hmm. Like, what you talked about when you went through therapy, and, like, how your dad's death and, like, how he treated you and stuff like that plays a big part in, like, your love. I get into relationships, and I just feel like everything I've done was never enough. Then I come to this experiment, and I'm, like, just hopeful that, like, I'll find a man that wants the same things as me. Um, and it broke me down. Like, it really did. Everything I have in my life, I deserve, and I got it, and I worked hard for it. Everything except love. Really, truly something that I don't think I deserve. Clay: You don't think you deserve love? Why? Because I just don't have it. What the fսck are you talking about? You definitely deserve love. Like, you are amazing. Like, everything about you, like, how easygoing you are. Like, how ambitious you are, how beautiful you are, like... Thank you. It's crazy. You know what I've been thinking? What? Is like walking down the aisle by myself. Marrying yourself? Walking down the aisle yourself? You know how women walk down with their dads? Yes! Oh, yes. That, like, was haunting me. Clay: No, don't even let that haunt you, like, honestly. Marriage doesn't have to be traditional. Like, I don't even know the rules of marriage, honestly. ( chuckles ) Ain't no rules. Your father not being there is not something that should hold you back. You know, like, you told me how your father was, and rest in peace, but he wasn't there for you. Your brothers were. They should be the ones to... you know, the ones that were close to you, let them walk you down the aisle and walk you into love. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Marriage is between two people. I know. I chose you, and that's why I'm here, you know, for you to show me the way and just, like, always love me for who I actually am. To me, that was the most validating thing I think I could have, honestly. I get emotional about that. Like, how you just stuck it out with me, you know. I said it once. I'll say it again. I got you. I'm always here for you. I know. I'm always a geek when I see your ring. It's like, "Dang! I put that on you." AD: You did that. ( both laugh ) AD: Oh, my God, not you making me emotional. You wanna kiss me? ( "Lighthouse" by Anna Christelle playing ) ♪ I'll be your lighthouse ♪ ♪ Your lighthouse ♪ ( vocalizing ) To the water, baby. ( chuckles ) ♪ I'll be your lighthouse... ♪ ♪ Your lighthouse ♪ ( gasps ) It feels so nice! I love you. I love you too. I was very nervous about being in a bathing suit in front of Jimmy for the first time, because what if he really likes me for me, but what if he sees me and decides, like, oops, nope? So it's made me feel a little, um, self-conscious. This is the life. I am beyond attracted to Jimmy. His personality makes him ten times cuter, but everything about him is just... perfect. Chelsea laughing: Look at you. What? You're such a babe. Everyone's looking at you. ( laughing ) I'm so freaking muscular. You gotta watch out. Watch out! All the ladies are gonna steal my man. I think my only concern right now is him feeling the same about me. What's your type, normally? I don't think you've ever told me. A lot of things I've described about you. Small. No. Features that I've told you that I like about you is typically what I go for. I've also sort of been all over the grid with what I'm attracted to. I have too. Do you have a type that you typically go for? Mm-hmm. ( chuckles ) Big and muscular. So you've got a lot of buff exes. Kind of... yeah, I guess. Good thing I'm buff. ( laughing ) You are buff, babe. How's it feel to be the hottest one on the beach? ( laughing ) I can appreciate compliments, but I mean, come on. Babe, I'm here to hype you up. Jimmy: Do you think if you and I saw each other on a dating app that you would swipe right for me? You're the first blond. Mm-hmm. That you've ever had? Mm-hmm. The only blond you ever need. ( laughing ) What about me? No. I'm not on the dating apps like that, but, yeah, I would. Is there anything about me that you're, like, kind of apprehensive about? It's smooth as butter. ( laughs ) I wouldn't have got on a knee if I wasn't sure. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. I'm very sure that you're that person for me. I mean, you're my best friend. Chelsea: I'm edgier than what you normally go for. Tattoos and piercings. Piercings? I have my nose pierced! I mean, yeah. You've never dated a girl with her nose pierced or a tattoo? Not a single tattoo? No. Wow. It's not like I like go after that, but it just happened to be that way. Are you worried that your mom's gonna... your parents are gonna... No! ...be concerned? You're not in any way? No. No, my... they're not. She's not, like, judgmental. She's not. That's not gonna be an issue. I'm calling her soon as I get back. That's the first thing you're gonna say? I... I picked a lady who... "Mom, I'm engaged. She's got a quarter-sleeve tattoo." "And her belly button pierced. I want you to know I love her." ( both laugh ) Chelsea: How do you feel about telling people? Jimmy: I think all my friends will definitely be really shocked. Chelsea: Mm-hmm. Jimmy: But, uh, they all know that, um, I've at least been looking for a relationship. And I'm ready to take that next step. Mm. Do you feel 100%? I feel 100%. I don't have, uh... I don't have any worries with you. Do you have a doubt in your mind? No! Since we've been here, you've asked me a couple times, like, how I felt about my decision. I'm having to reiterate how positive... Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I'm sorry. No, no, it's okay. I... I will do the same thing with you in different ways. If you tell me you love me every day, I am not going anywhere. Yeah. It sounds kind of stupid, but 40 years from now, we're on the beach and, you know, having some drinks, you just lean over and tell me you love me. That's the best feeling for me. Being told that, you know, "I love you" or... Yeah. ...like, "You look pretty." It makes you very secure in your relationship, which I think is so important. And I've never had that. I've been cheated on a lot, and, um, I can't be with someone who ever makes me feel uneasy, like, about stupid things. Especially with my job. Like, trust is huge. I've been fortunate enough to not have been with cheaters. I've never cheated. I don't have to worry about that with you. You validate me so much that it's not even like a fear, a logical fear. Just making sure that you're 1,000% sure that, you know, you made the right decision. 'Cause I am. I don't really have any fears right now. I'm really enjoying my time with you, and I really love you. And I really care about you. And I'm just excited we're together. And I'm excited that I get to start making memories with you. Mm-hmm. And... I... this is beautiful. ( chuckles ) I don't have a worry in the world. I... ( laughs ) I do not. I got... I... I got you. That's all that matters. I love you, babe. Jimmy: I love you too. ( "Falling" by Shee playing ) ♪ It's the point of no return ♪ ♪ Just you and me... ♪ ( Chelsea laughs ) ♪ Close our eyes, jump, don't get turned ♪ ♪ Now we're falling, falling, yeah ♪ ♪ It's the point, it's the point ♪ ♪ It's the point of no return ♪ ( "Sweet Like Honey" playing ) ♪ Sweet like honey... ♪ We're finally gonna go meet the other couples. Excited about that. Pumped. Can't wait to see my girlies, see what their men look like. I can't wait to see what their men look like either. ( laughs ) I'm really excited about that. It's about to be on and poppin'! ( laughing ) Okay, look at... Me and Tanya. Meet my girl. Oh, oh, sorry, statue. Chelsea: What are you most excited about? You love AD. I'm excited to meet AD. I... My girl, AD! ( laughing ) I'm excited to see the dynamic of Clay and AD. ♪ You're sweet like honey, honey, honey... ♪ I think we look good. We look good! What you think? I think, yeah. Thanks, Clay. No? ♪ Like honey ♪ ( pop music playing ) ♪ Where'd you get that face? You wear it so well ♪ ♪ Come on, occupy my space ♪ ♪ Like a motel ♪ ♪ Just a taste, a hot take ♪ Brittany: Hey, Ms. Ma'am! ( shouting ) ( laughing ) ( shouting ) How you doing, man? What's goin' on, dude? Laura: You're so big! Nice to meet you. Laura: Principal Gorham! I am. That's me. In the flesh. both: In the flesh! ( chuckles ) How's everything going, guys? Aww, they're so cute together. I'm Jeramey. Good to meet you. Nice to meet you. It's great to finally meet you. I know! ( "Da Club" by Joy Charity Enriquez playing ) ♪ I'mma pump up the club I'mma pump up the... ♪ ( shouting ) Oh, my God, they are so cute together. It's exactly what I expected. ( chuckles ) ( squealing ) Laura: I love this dress! What's up? Good to see you, my G. Clay: What up, man? Let's go. ( shouting ) There they are! ( shouting ) Jimmy: What's up? Laura: Hi, baby! ( laughing ) Hey! Jimmy: Jimmy. Brittany: Nice to meet you. Jimmy: What's your name? Brittany: Brittany. Jimmy: Oh, nice to meet you. Jimmy, he is nothing that I expected him to look like. But I, for some reason, was thinking, like, longish hair. Like, matching his voice with what he, like, presents physically, I'm like, "Oh." It just doesn't... I don't know. Something's not clicking here. ( "Let's Dance" playing ) ♪ Let's dance, let's dance ♪ ♪ Let's dance, let's dance ♪ Kenneth: Hey! ( laughing ) Hi, honey. Brittany: Ms. Ma'am. Can we pull up a chair? Kenneth: You want a chair? You all right? He's so attentive. Thank you, baby. Oh, my God. Are you fսck¡ng kidding me? He's so attentive. Oh, you're not about to be sitting on the sand. I cannot with this. Oh, my God! Brittany: Thank you. Chelsea: We love you! ( shouting ) ( laughing ) Kenneth chuckles: Y'all are funny. The attentiveness! Brittany: Yeah, it's ridiculous. Like, that is ridiculous. Are you fսck¡ng kidding me? "What are you doing?" Not us hating people being nice to us. Do you feel, like, safe? Like, how do you feel with him? I'm, like, sitting there. I literally... I feel safe with him, and I just met him. ( laughing ) I know. I want him to take care of me too! I was sitting there rushing earlier. I was fixing my hair. And he was so sweet. Literally, my flip-flops were, like, ready for my feet just to slide in them. He, like, knew, the second I turned around. So everything is exactly what you imagined? He is the same person he was in the pods. Oh, my God, my heart! I wanna hear about y'all. I said no more glasses, no Hawaiian shirts, and Mama's in it. Mama's slipping and sliding all over the place. ( laughing ) So y'all just like... Yeah. Mm-hmm. Naturally. Where the hell is Johnny? I'm gonna go. No, the sеxual part of it, 'cause we... Did y'all have sеx? We did not. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So there was no issue with that. Yeah. Okay. Big hands, big feet... Did you see it? ( laughing ) Did you see it? I have employees, b¡tch. Just, like, blink twice. Laura: Yes. ( laughing ) ( laughing ) Yeah! So I know you guys are waiting. Yeah. And he's respectful in that? Oh, yes, absolutely. Chelsea: Oh, my God, I love that. Yeah. But also, too, I am the type of woman... I'm like, "Baby, you can grab me." Yeah, touch me. Touch me where you want. Yeah, like, grab me. Yeah. And does he? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So nobody had sеx. We got real close. I don't know about Amy. Yeah, same. No, we got hot. Chelsea: Oh, yeah. ( laughing ) I love that. I love that. Listen, I wanted to jump on his bones. I did feel his wiener. ( laughing ) Is it big? Huge! ( Laura gasps ) Oh! "Huge." You said that from the bottom of... I need, "Compared to what?" "Compared to what?" Compared to this palm tree? Please! ( laughing ) She was like this. Wowza! ♪ She could get it all night ♪ ( singer scatting ) ( laughing ) The Lord... the Lord blessed him. Girl, what? Wow. It was hard. Uh, literally. ( laughing ) No, it was hard to resist. Jeramey: It's been an interesting experience. 'Cause, like, last night. So I go to lay down, and I'm, like... In my mind, like, instinctively, I'm like, "I wanna be with this person," and we wanna take things a step further. I'm like, "fսck, this is the first time we've actually, like, hung out together in person." Is that weird? Yeah, right. ( chuckles ) Did anybody else feel weird about that, or was it just natural? No, I feel you. Everything was natural for me. Really? Jeramey: Natural? Okay. Every bit of it. Yeah. That's what's up. Jimmy: It's phenomenal. Good. And I'm willing to bet my relationship's smoother than anybody's. Oh! You're swinging like that! Hey! I'm willing to bet. She's it for me. Kenneth: Okay. Everything's good with AD? Good. Jimmy: She gets you? She got me right, 'cause she checked me. Jimmy: She seems to be really sweet. Clay: Yeah, yeah. She's spicy. She is? She's got that twinkle in her eye, where I feel like she could pop him one if he really needed it. She's not the type to pop on me, but, like, if I'm bullshitting or if I'm not, like, on my game... Jeramey: She's gonna call you. "Clay, what's goin' on?" I need that. Yeah. She's good-looking. Clay: Yeah, yeah. It's a good look for you. Clay: Yeah. Like, y'all look like a match. Yeah. Thanks, thanks. 100%, bro. ( dance music playing ) ♪ Stay with me Never leave, stay with me ♪ ♪ Please stay with me Never leave, stay with me... ♪ It is weird seeing all the girls, like, without the walls. Yeah, right? That's how it feels with the guys. Like, this guy! So weird. You're the best one. Amy chuckles: Stop. ( laughing ) You know I'm happy. What's up, girl? How you doing? Hi, babe. Good. How are you? Good. Laura: God, you're in such a good mood. Yeah. Love you. ( chuckles ) I love you. Jeramey: We're so ready to do this. ( shouts ) I'm very grateful for you. I really am. Yeah. Like, I am very grateful that I have you, um, for the sole purpose of, like, who you are. Yeah. Yeah. And how you treat me. Like, and I mean that. Yeah. I will respect you till the last breath. I feel that. Same. Brittany: You're my man. You're my baby. You already know that. Good. I missed you. I wanna give you all the loving. Jimmy: What'd you say about me? All good things. Jimmy: Good stuff? Chelsea: Yeah, I love you. You haven't said it. You said it, like, briefly. I love you. If you want me to yell, I'll yell. Chelsea: Do it. Do it. Do it. Yeah, you'd love that, wouldn't you? ( laughing ) How are the boys? They're good. That woman... What woman? ...is absolutely stacked. AD. Bookshelf. I say that in the most respectful... Babe, you can say whatever you... Yeah. She's a bookshelf. AD! Hey, how you get your butt like that? AD: Squats and Jesus, girl, that's it. Can I tell her what you said? He goes, "That girl." Whoa! "She's pretty stacked." ♪ At least make him dance... ♪ ( laughs ) Look at it. ♪ Look, no hands, I do this 'cause I can ♪ Listen, I be in the gym. It was a compliment. That was a compliment! I took it. It was subtle, AD. I thought... I didn't take it offensive. ( laughs ) I said it in the most respectful way, so... I'm crying. No, yes, squats and Jesus, girl. I said it, so he can say it. ( AD laughing ) I'm sorry. Johnny: That happened. You're embarrassing me. I'm okay with that. She's stacked though. Amazing. I'm just impressed talking to you. AD: Thank you. You're just... you're the greatest. AD: Thank you. Thank you. I am so embarrassed. She just called me the fսck out. It's okay. I'm used to it. ( splutters ) ( Johnny chattering ) All right. Can... can I do another tequila soda, please? Thank you so much. Jimmy: I wanted to come say hi, obviously. Not the way I wanted to say hi. You're doing great. You're fine. Chelsea has nothing but good things to say about you. AD: Love her. Yeah. Jimmy: Yeah. And, uh, I love Clay. Are you happy with... with everything so far? Yeah. Um, Clay is a lot. It's a lot, as you know. So I think, um, just getting, like, used to it in person... Like, in the pods, it was, like, something that I could, like, sit there, chat... Yeah. But now face-to-face, I'm like, "sh¡t." Like, it's a lot. I feel sick. What? I don't know. I just feel very uneasy. Let's talk. We'll talk in a sec. I'm wearing gym shorts right now. ( laughing ) I know! I already noticed. You got style, but, like, I bet you, none of these dudes notice at all. I peeped, like, right off. I was like, "Oh, you're gonna wear that?" I feel good. Look good, feel good, play good. ( groans ) I wanna puke. I'm gonna go, um... Muchísimas gracias. I'm okay with it. Like, you look good. I'm not trying to impress you, you know. Mm-hmm. Okay, so what just happened? Chelsea: God. He was like, um, "AD, she has... she's... she's looking good." And I called it out. I was like, "Yeah, AD, you are looking good." "How do you get a butt like that?" Yeah. Kinda making an uncomfortable situation more comfortable. And then I, like, see Jimmy, like, turning AD around, like, with her hand, and, like, looking at her body. I don't know. And then after that, like, comment, I don't know. I feel odd. It's one thing saying, "Oh, yeah. The guys are great. They all look great." But I don't know. When you're saying, like, a comment about somebody else in front of the person that you love... I don't know. It's like, it might get better. It might get better. But there's a lot of conversations you guys have to have. He was so sweet just a second ago. He's like, "What'd you guys talk about?" Like, "Oh, I love you so much." Like, "This is, like, so great." But I don't know, man, like... I know he's into you. Like, it's evident, like, the way, like, he talks to you and looks at you. Yeah, but I don't wanna be in a relationship where I have to question... Yeah, no. That's the thing. You're going into a marriage. You know? Yeah. You don't question it. Like, I don't... ( laughing ) I don't... I don't like that feeling. That's not fair. It's not even, like, being insecure or, like, having a complex or whatever. It's just, like, the way... like, comments you make, and then... ( chuckles ) ...comments you make again. Yeah. Like, "What?" It's making me feel uncomfortable. I know he cares about me. I know that he feels a certain type of way about me, but... Look at... look, look. ( laughing ) You should feel like the only girl in the world with your man. Everything is perfect right now in my relationship. That's a little scary, because, like, I've been crying this whole damn time. I didn't plan to. And, like, I've been putting myself out there, 'cause I'm... I've got a goal. I've got a vision of what I want. Yeah. Same, same, same. Are you guys aligned on your goals and, like, your vision and stuff? Yeah. Really? Yeah. ( sighs ) I think that y'all would be an incredible couple. Like, my opinion of Clay is right fսck¡ng here. I... like, look at him. He' so damn good-looking. ( laughs ) I love talking to you. I love talking to you. You're not judging me for coming and almost tripping on you? Absolutely not. ( laughing ) Okay. I loved every minute of our conversation. Okay. So thank you. Yeah. And we should talk more. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Yeah, I got you. ( chuckles ) You okay? Okay. ( "Dare" by Jessy Covets playing ) ♪ Never really into this ♪ ♪ Never really think this much ♪ ♪ I'm coming in too deep... ♪ Can I come hang? Yeah! Of course! We got a whole seat. Come on, sug. Give me the deets. How's it going? I'm good. You're good? Phenomenal. ( laughs ) You know, you were my first date. Yes! You were my first date. You don't even remember that. I do! I wrote, "Jimmy has a cute voice." Okay. Yeah. Mine said, "27, software sales, Southern." How hard was it for y'all to... this doesn't include you. Okay. How hard was it for y'all to narrow 15? It wasn't hard for me. It was not hard for me. And I'm very picky. Really? Yeah, yeah, it wasn't hard. ( laughing ) That sucks because I didn't make either of one of y'all's lists! ( laughing ) But, Amy, Laura, you're both happy? Yeah. We're good. Are you happy? Oh, I'm very happy. I'm very happy. Hmm. I'm the most happy here. Yeah. Ecstatic? You should be! That's my girl! ( laughs ) Not the most happy here. I am. I can confidently say that. Yes. ( laughing ) You good? Whoop. Sorry. Oh, sh¡t. Clearly! Laura: Yeah. ( laughing ) Jimmy: Anybody need anything? Amy: We're good. Jimmy: Thanks for letting me hang out! Yeah, of course. ♪ Hey, baby, think I'm feeling brand-new ♪ ♪ Got some things I wanna... ♪ ( laughing ) What up? Kenneth: I love this. Kenneth: Look at this. It's giving Black love. It's giving. Black excellence. It's giving. Look at us! You know what I mean? It's giving! You feel me? My guy! Serious. Kenneth: How you feeling? I'm feeling good. Yeah, how are you? Good! Y'all wrap up. I'mma go sit down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kenneth: How's it going though? It's good. I love this. I told him that. Said, "You got a queen over here." Mm! A whole boss out here. She the one. ( laughing ) Kenneth: How do you feel? Do you... AD: I'm obsessed with him. ( laughing ) I love that! Yeah! I am obsessed with him. My guy is dope. You feel me? Yes. So what's going on with that? You know what? We're each other's, like, person. We got so many plans when we get back. AD: Do you typically date white girls? Kenneth: I don't. She's the first. AD: Really? How's that going? She's the first. I've never in my life. Like, it has superseded my expectations. Really? When I saw her, of course, I was like, "She's beautiful." Banging, yep. Body, yep. Face, everything, yep. She looked dope. A dope person. Completely! Kenneth: We definitely click in so many ways. I'm like, "What you need? Are you okay? Can I do something for you?" And so is she. She's the same exact way. Crazy. So... How is that balancing? Sometimes, it's like, eww. You're both like, "What do you need? What do you want?" Yeah, yeah. It is the most, like, natural thing. Mm! Yeah. And it's so good. So my challenge right now is less around, like, how similar our day-to-day lives are, more around though, how do we tackle the fact that when we get back, people are gonna be like, "Yo, Ken..." Life is gonna life. Yeah. Are you okay with that? I'm... I'm confident in who I am. Is she strong enough for that? I'm very confident that, like, she's very... Like, "When I say I got you, I got you." Yeah. I do feel it's gonna be a big adjustment. Because... And I wanna be so 100 with you. Yeah. When y'all get married, she's gonna have to raise Black children. Yeah. Yeah. And are you confident that she can raise Black children? Yeah. I'm very much pro-Black, and I don't lose sight... As you should be. I don't lose sight of what we have had to overcome, what society still perceives that we can do and achieve. Like, maybe white, we... You can date white and be pro-Black. Yeah, I have to. Those two things can exist. It's definitely... it's making me think. Mm-hmm. This is a big decision. AD: Hmm. But she makes me feel very safe, and that's big for me. Okay, good. That's what I need to hear. Like, let her ride for you. I have a lot of love for her. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Every time we get sweeter... ♪ How's your night going? It's going great. I missed you. Amy! ( both laugh ) All right. I'm just grateful. I'm just really grateful. ( chuckles ) I really am. I'm just grateful, and I love you. I love you too, dude. Did you just call me... I call you dude all the time! No, I know. No, I know. ♪ All my feelings get deeper... ♪ Honestly, like, looking at everybody... Johnny over there making out with his girl right now. Clay: Ooh, I love it. I love that for Johnny. I feel like everybody's person fits. Yeah. Clay: 100%. I'm definitely happy. Seeing all y'all, like, how happy y'all are with your matches, like, it's a beautiful thing, bro. Like, you know, we'll be talking about this 15 years from now. Hey, babe. What's up? You're welcome to join. Okay! We're having a great talk. I'm not gonna join. I was missing you. You were missing me? Aww. That's so sweet. Yeah, you can join us. You can join us. Jeramey: We were just genuinely having a conversation about how well we think everybody's, like, matches just, like, click. Yeah. Jeramey: Like, it's crazy. You and Chelsea, you guys are doing well. Phenomenal. Jeramey: Two and a half weeks ago. I was one of the guys here that was like, "There's no way this is gonna happen." "I'm definitely not gonna fall in love with anybody." And then I meet that person over there. ( laughing ) AD: Gorgeous girl. She is gorgeous. She's amazing. Yeah. Um, she's taught me about, um, what is it, "bean dip"? ( chuckles ) Bean dip. Jeramey: She told me you would know. ( laughing ) Laura! Bean dip? Not the bean dip! I said, "Jeramey, do it when we walk in, she will literally die." She told me to do it, dude. I was like, "I'm gonna get fսck¡ng canceled." No. Absolutely not. I will fight you. I will fight him. She set me up. She was trying to set me up for some bullshit. Boop-boop. ( laughing ) A bean dip is like this titty smack. ( laughing ) Like a fսck¡ng titty smack. She smacked the sh¡t out of my tіttіеs. Clay: Smacked your tіttіеs? Literally hit, hit. She's wild. She told me to do that. I'm like, "What is wrong with you?" She told you to do that to whom? You. That's so crazy. I'm literally looking at her, like, "What is wrong with you?" That is so crazy! Don't do that, Jeramey. Absolutely. Absolutely not. ( laughing ) I'm gonna get a drink. Most things, I would be like, "That's crazy." And with her, I was like, "What the fսck is wrong with you?" AD: That's so wild. Bean dip? ( laughing ) Laura, get over here. Laura: Babe, I said... Now. Laura: What did you say? Jeramey: We can't... Laura: Who did you offend? Thank you, baby. Probably AD. Laura: I hope not! Did you touch her? Clay: No, you offended me. Oh, I offended Clay? What'd you say? Bean what? Making something out of nothing. I'm not making anything out of anything. You did say, "Bean dip AD." AD: Oh, my God! What the fսck? In a joking way! AD: How is that a joke? ( laughing ) Clay: That's what I said. I'm like, "What's Laura doing?" Bean dip is crazy. Crazy terminology. Laura: I didn't invent it. Clay: You did. Laura: The fսck I did. I've never heard that terminology. "Bean dip"? Jeramey would take some sh¡t and then get himself in trouble. I'm not in trouble. I'm fine. Y'all are a mess. I cannot. Bye. Laura: Toodles. ( laughing ) I cannot with these men. Trying to make something out of nothing. I mean, what the fսck though? Shut up. I made a simple-ass joke. I think it's funny to us, but to Clay... Not gonna touch someone else's titty. Like, not funny. I need Clay to fսck¡ng relax. Hold on, not relax, because telling another man to... Yeah, but as a fսck¡ng joke. Well, he doesn't know the joke. Jeramey's in the wrong for even bringing it up. It was a literal joke. He doesn't know the joke though, so... Laura: Yeah. I mean, something out of nothing. Damn. Damn, damn, damn. I mean, yeah, nothing to you, but something to him. Honestly, I was like... it was a joke. I did not say, "Go grab AD's..." Like, that's not what it was. It was a fսck¡ng joke. AKA, it should have not even been brought up, because it was a "tee-hee-hee" moment. That's so weird that that even happened. Like, what? It's giving children. It's giving small child vibes. ( Jeramey groans ) She's a little fiery. Jeramey: You think? Yeah. She's spicy. She got a little spunk to her. ( Jeramey sighs ) How are you holding up? Clay: I'm not gonna blame you. I'm done. ( laughs ) I appreciate you even letting me know that, 'cause that's crazy. It was obviously a joke. Yeah, of course, of course. I'm not gonna take it, you know... ( sighs ) Your woman might have taken it offensively. And I apologize for that. She'll be good. I'll reel her in. Jeramey: I understand. Do you think you can handle, uh, Laura? ( chuckles ) I don't know. After that, I don't know. ( pop music playing ) ♪ I don't know what dreams ♪ ♪ You sold ♪ ♪ Don't know what dream you sold ♪ Look at this little cutie! Babe, do you wanna eat? I wanna try this little burrito thing. Sit over here, babe. Jeramey: Okay. So I would like to talk to my man and hang out with him. Can I get a tequila soda? Thank you. Oh, I was like, "He's coming." That's not your man. That's someone else. ( laughing ) That's Johnny. Wrong man. Wrong man. Why does he... oh, not the top bun. You guys are over here talking sh¡t. We're not! We love it. We love him! Okay. You're talking sh¡t. I'm gonna have words with you later. Great! I love that for me. Okay, don't start sh¡t when there doesn't need to be... It was a joke that just spun out of control. I'm out of here! I'm out of... look, I face this way. ( "Please Tell Me Lies" by Fairground Lights playing ) Are you... Jeramey: I'm ready to go home. What? Like home-home or back to the hotel? No, I'm ready to go home. Oh, my God. ♪ I see you running Like a ninja through the night ♪ ♪ Hiding everything in sight... ♪ Laura: Oh, my God. Did he say home-home? Or, like... Yeah. I don't know what his fսck¡ng problem is. ♪ What are you doing to me? You're doing to me ♪ ♪ What are you doing to me? You're doing to me ♪ ♪ Please tell me lies, I'll believe it ♪ Jimmy: You all right? Mm-hmm. ( kisses ) What's wrong? I'm good. I'm good. What's wrong? Nothing's wrong. What? Something's wrong! ( chuckles ) No, I'm good. I promise. I think you're lying to me. I think you're lying. Oh, my goodness. What's wrong? When everyone else was, like, paying attention to their ladies, like, I was just standing there, like, by myself the whole time. Or, like, when you made a comment about AD and her body. And I, like, felt so uncomfortable that I called it out. Then the whole time you spent talking to AD when I was by myself. And then I see you spinning her around, looking at her body. It made me feel a very type of way. I never spinned her around. Okay. I never did that. ( chuckles ) I talked to her, and all I did was gas Clay up the entire time. I never spun her around. And I was standing at the bar by myself. Like, just hanging out there watching. You were... You were nowhere near us. I'm not into AD at all. No, not... it just... If you heard any context of that conversation, I went up and told Clay... I didn't though. I walked away 'cause I was so uncomfortable. That's how, like, that conversation made me feel. Okay. And... I mean, if you were uncomfortable, I'm sorry you were uncomfortable, I... It was just very odd. There wasn't anything flirty. There wasn't anything you wouldn't have wanted to hear. If you were a part of that, you would have known all that. It made me feel icky. And I just sat there. Like, it was so uncomfortable for me. And, like, the fact that you weren't reading the room... ( voice breaks ) ...made me really, really sad. ( sobbing ) Jimmy: Why are you walking away? ( exhaling ) ( sniffles ) Jimmy: Why are you walking away? Chelsea. You're gonna try and make me feel bad... I'm not trying to make you feel bad. Like it's my fault. All the girls talked about how great their connections were and, like, how amazing... I bragged about you all night. Every single person, I bragged about you. Ken, bragged about you. Clay, bragged about you. Johnny, bragged about you. All them know where I stand with you. I felt comfortable... Why did I feel different though? Huh? I felt so disconnected from you tonight. It was... it was so strange for me. It was odd. You were the only person who wasn't coming up to me and being, like, lovey. And, like, why couldn't we do that? Like, everyone else was. I kissed you more than anybody kissed their woman tonight. I just felt really confident about where we were and the connection we have, to the point where I didn't have to be by your side all night. So I'm sorry. That's fine. I don't need you by my side, but, like, that's why this is very sad to me. Because, like, it was just a very... How is this sad? This is like going out with our friends, and you know where I stand. Like, I'm... I'm the luckiest person. I'm the happiest person here. I'm sorry you feel that way, but... Thank you. Thank you for acknowledging how I felt. I didn't feel loved by you. I didn't feel like... I felt like I was inconveniencing you every time I, like, walked up to you. You're not an inconvenience. I wanna be around you. I love being around you. I'm so grateful to be on this trip with you. I... I just need you to hear me out. I... I hear you out. I'm not trying to, like, cause issues. You don't think when I purposely walked over to you and Amy and Laura... No, I loved that, but, like, did you not read the room though? Like, these are all people that we dated, you know? It wasn't just, like, random friends. Jimmy: Yeah. Chelsea: And that made me sad. ( voice breaks ) It, like, hurts. It really hurt. I'm sorry. I don't ever wanna make you feel sad. I sat there by myself after you just commented on how great her body was. ( sniffles ) How is that supposed to make me feel, babe? I was so confident on my decision with you, and I was so confident that you had that same decision with me... Chelsea: And I do. I do. I love you. I love you with my entire heart. That's why I'm having this conversation. Why are you... 'Cause it hurt. Jimmy: Well, like, that... I... I get if it hurts. Babe, I love you. I'm having this conversation because... Jimmy: I love you too. I... I just think that... Like, I just thought that was a given. I wouldn't have asked you to marry me. I know, but you have to understand, like, that it hurt me. I thought looking you in the eyes and telling you that I love you, and telling you how I felt about you... And not only how I feel about you, but trying to prove to you, you know, like... I wouldn't be having this conversation with you if I didn't give a crap. I know that. I know you care about me. Okay? I do. I love you. I feel like you're questioning that I love you. ( chuckles ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Melting down... ♪ Okay, what do you want me to do? I told you that my feelings were hurt. What else do you want me to say? ♪ Floating away... ♪ I don't understand where this is going. I'll take a step back. The... This is getting... this is making me mad. Okay? I'm telling you that my feelings were hurt. You said hurtful comments. You made me feel uncomfy. Okay, we'll start... So just take it. ♪ I see, I see ♪ ♪ Dark clouds, dark clouds ♪ ♪ On the horizon... ♪ You're treating me unfair. Actually. I love you. I love you too. ( chuckles ) Are you sure? I'll always tell you I love you. ( vocalizing ) ♪ On the horizon ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ On the horizon ♪ Kenneth: We are confident in each other. Brittany: Mm-hmm. And I feel like there's not a challenge that we can't overcome. God bless you, baby. I love you! ( laughing ) ( shouting ) Jimmy: We mesh really well together and dealing with each other when we're happy, sad. We're getting married. I hope we get along just fine. Whoo! Look at us. I feel like I've been with you for years, but we are also in, like, la-la land. Clay: I want this to work. It's just the marriage thing. It's just a lot that is going on in my mind. Last night was triggering for me. I don't wanna talk. Amy: How are you and Laura? Mentally, I knew she'd be someone who could put me in my spot. She will. But, um, I do wanna meet Sarah. ( pop music playing ) ♪ They're gonna watch me rise... ♪ Brittany: Ever since we left the Dominican Republic, your body language, voice has changed. You're not listening. Let's say, in one year, we get pregnant accidentally. That's one of the biggest things I'm concerned about. I didn't hide the way I felt, so I sent the message to you because of the feelings. I fully did exactly what I needed to do for the reason that I came here, to meet the love of my life. ( groans ) You hung back with Sarah Ann and were talking till 5:00 a.m. Yes. ♪ I'm staring at myself... ♪ Clay: I'm always having a fear of, "Can I just be with one person?" Here comes the baby. Johnny: I see marriage as not, like, husband, wife. Like, I don't like traditional roles. We are partners together. I keep falling in love with you every day. I've never felt this protected and this secure. I'm so grateful. Mm-hmm. Always. Brittany: I do love you. Kenneth: I love you too. ( shouting ) Jeramey sighs: Oh, God, here we go. In reality, you were my number one still. Jessica: We're Team Jimmy at this point. ( gasps ) You fսckеd her! I know you fսckеd her! Chelsea: There was no question of how I felt about you. I think you're amazing. I do love you. Oh, I know. ( laughing ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ Should I call you? ♪ ♪ Is it too soon? ♪ ♪ Is it too soon? ♪ ♪ Kept your secrets, loved your flaws ♪ ♪ Baby, I thought we had it all ♪ ♪ I'm staring at myself in the mirror ♪ ♪ Wondering if it gets any clearer ♪ ♪ You've hurt me so bad That this is overdue ♪
( dance music playing ) ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ Let me know you know, you know ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ Day 22 of living with Amy. Things are getting tough. Oh, there she is! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! ( shouting ) Oh, no! Thomas Jefferson, save me! Save me, Thomas Jefferson! ( panting ) ♪ Gonna wanna roll with us Gonna feel so marvelous ♪ ( pop music playing ) ( vocalizing ) ♪ Feet don't touch the floor ♪ ♪ My spirit cries for more ♪ ♪ Ain't nothing like this boy ♪ ♪ So good, I can't ignore ♪ ♪ Higher ♪ ♪ Take me higher ♪ ( kisses ) Don't hate me if I get called in to work. Oh. How'd you sleep? Did you get any sleep? Jimmy: I did not get any sleep. Leaving like that was not cool at all. To be fair, you told me that you were leaving. The only reason I wanted to leave is 'cause you were so expressive about me constantly being in your space. Like, I don't even know where this conversation stemmed from. Is it because I told you, like, you didn't kiss me once yesterday? Like, is that clingy to you? You constantly told me how much you love that I tell you how much I love you and, um, tell you how handsome you are and touch you, and... I do love that. Well... ( chuckles ) Babe! I... I... I was genuinely annoyed that you asked me, like, five times yesterday... I get that. I hate that too. "What's wrong with me?" And, like... I asked you twice. So I felt a little smothered. But it can only make us stronger. If I thought that you were clingy to the point where there was no return, I would not be here. I wouldn't want anything to do with you. I do want you to tell me when something's bothering you. You really need to work on your delivery. 1,000%. Yeah. And I need to work on my emotions and being sensitive. I'm fully aware of that. That's a fair statement. I need to focus on my wording. What I said was... was disrespectful. 'Cause you love me and care about me and that is all I could want. I'm sorry, and I love you, and... There were things you said too that... They don't change my opinion, 'cause I'm not gonna judge you for what you say to me when you're emotional over something I said. Mm-hmm. I think we both said a couple things that hurt each other. And, honestly, like... Mm-hmm. Um, all this is really distracting for me, and I'm here for you. I wanna make you happy. I wanna be with you, and, um... I plan to be with you forever. I love you, and I want nothing more than a future with you. Outside of that, I had an amazing day with you, and I love your friends, and that, it was a step forward, believe it or not. God. ( laughs ) Believe it or not. I love you so much more now that I met your friends. ( laughing ) You stress me out, boy. Don't leave me again. I didn't like that. Jimmy: Leave you? Leave you? I won't. Chelsea: Last night. I didn't know if you went home, if you went to the bar. ( laughing ) You think I went to the bar? I don't know! ( laughing ) Jesus, I have work. ( laughing ) Jimmy: It's a Tuesday night. I thought about coming back too. I did text you and tell you I love you. ( laughs ) You can't hold that against me for the rest of your life, either. You can't... You said one thing I wanted to call out. Can I? What? What? Jimmy: You told me you're never gonna initiate sеx again. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Really? Changes my opinion on things. You said, "I didn't even wanna have sеx with you last night." "I wanted to pull back." Jimmy: I didn't mean I didn't wanna have sеx. What I meant to say was, "You initiated it." And I am happy you initiated it, so please don't... ( laughing ) Please, like, don't discontinue initiating it. ( laughing ) Oh, my God. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Good, I'm feeling good ♪ ♪ Yeah, baby, mm-hmm ♪ ♪ I'm feeling good... ♪ You drive me nuts. Buckle up, baby. I love you. I love you. You make me so nervous. ♪ Yeah, baby... ♪ Thanks for talking to me. Thanks for loving me. ♪ I just gotta say, I just gotta say ♪ ♪ I'm feeling good ♪ ♪ Feels so, baby, good! ♪ ♪ Feels so, baby ♪ ( gasps ) Wow! See, we're really pushing the limits. Jeramey: Or just put water in it so it weighs down. Can you actually do that for me? Yeah. See? Please! Somebody's gotta be the smart one here. Give me a break. Who's the one that has a college degree? Okay. You know how many people with degrees I know that are complete dumbasses? I was kidding. Jeramey: Complete dumbasses. If you're gonna come for me, I'm gonna come for you. Jeramey: Okay. So, on a scale of one to ten, how nervous are you to meet my parents? I don't get nervous very often, like, about anything really. What is your family's dynamic like? My parents have been married 40 years. Okay. Their relationship works for them, but it's not really what I want, per se. Okay. They coexist. They love each other too, in whatever their version of that is, but I don't know. I just want... more. More spice, more oomph, more... fun. Okay. Like, I never... I refuse to get, like, complacent, I guess. Okay. Laura: I know it's not always gonna be, like, interesting every day, but I'll try to make it be. fսck¡ng quit. Laura: Where's the plastic bags? Here? So, what do you think the worst thing that could happen today is? Laura: Worst thing that could happen is my parents are just wildly uncomfortable. Okay. And you somehow make the situation worse. Okay. Why do you... I would say that would be the worst. How can I make the situation worse? What would I do? By, like, being, like, stiff or, like, they just don't get good vibes from you. No, I'm not worried about it. I think everything'll be fine. If anybody's uncomfortable, we'll, like, break out into, like, a song and dance. Or something like that. Okay. No. Actually, I thought about a new one. Good. If they were like, "Jeremy's a nice guy, but there's no way that he is your guy." Okay, what would cause that? They know I'm a very, like, big personality, and they've seen me, like... Excuse me. ...I don't know, just wear all the hats in a relationship. Not saying that, like, that's how our relationship is, but they've seen that, so if, like... I don't know. That's just worst-case scenario. Jeramey: Okay. Cool. ( doorbell rings ) ( barks ) Here we go! Oh, sh¡t. Will you wipe that up? Yeah. ( inhales ) ( shouting ) Laura: Come here, baby! Jeramey: Hi! ( woman laughs ) Oh, hello. How are you? Good to meet you. How you doing? Nice to meet you. Hi! Good to meet you. Nice to meet you. ( laughs ) I'm Jeramey. Good to meet you. I'm Meghann. Nice to meet you. man: Hello. I already know we're gonna like the same stuff. So I'm into really that. Errick: Okay, okay. Laura: Oh, do you wanna see my ring? Oh, man! I don't have any sunglasses, but jeez. Sunglasses? Oh. ( laughing ) I was like... You are gonna get a kick out of this, I think. Our first date, guess what we did. Cindy: Scuba diving. Surfing? Laura: We did archery. Oh, I love archery! Seriously. What? ( laughing ) Cindy: I love archery. Yeah. And did you hit that target at all? Yeah! She did scary good. Like, it put me on notice where I was like, "Uh, I might have something to worry about if I ever, like, pissed her off." Jeremy's getting very used to how much sh¡t I talk on a regular basis. Jeramey: Don't know if I'll ever be getting used to it. "Toning it out," it might be the better word. Laura: Toning it out? Yeah. The minute I wake up, she's like, "I hate you," then walks out of the room. Laura: I do not! ( laughing ) The fact that they're laughing, they can see you do that. Yeah. All right, so what would you guys like to know? Um, we know why she went in. Jeramey: Mm-hmm. What was your reasoning? I've had really awful dating experiences in the past. And my thought was, "How often do you get to, like, be able to go on different dates with people who actually want good intentions?" They've been background checked. They've had a psychological evaluation. True. I looked at that like, "What's the worst that could happen?" Did you think they got it wrong when... ( laughing ) Not in the pods. Cindy: Psychologically. Just kidding. But since I've been here, no. ( laughing ) Jeramey: Honestly, I went into it with, like, zero expectation of actually, like, finding somebody. And then we met. And I can't explain any of it. Being able to talk about feelings and things like that actually felt good. Not saying I wanna sit and talk about feelings all the time. I understand that I can. Cindy: You know you can. Jeramey: Yeah, I can express how I feel. Express the way you feel about things. We're in a love triangle. Jeramey: We're not... That's his issue, not mine. Out of it now. Jeramey: We weren't in one before. Meghann: There's still happenings? Jeramey: Let Laura explain. Laura: No, explain yourself, babe. Explain myself? You're not gonna like my answer. It's gonna last for 45 minutes. I wanna hear your version. That's why I want you to say it. Basically, he was dating this other girl up until the end. I do really think that she liked him, and I do really think that he liked her. I did, but that was... yeah. And that's okay. Laura: But she has since DMed him on Instagram, saying, "If you're not sure about your choice..." "I would appreciate meeting up with you." We're gonna talk about this right now? I'm just giving them a well-rounded picture of the situation, okay? He was transparent about it. I feel like I did the right thing. I came upstairs with my phone in my hand, like, "I cannot wait to show Laura this," because I was like, "This is my opportunity to gain some trust." Her response is, "Well, you liked it." He hearted it. I mean, what are you supposed to do? To me, it was, "I acknowledge that I see what you said." "I'm not gonna respond." You could've thumbs up'd it. You didn't need to necessarily heart it. I just double-tapped it. That's all I did. In my mind, it was, "I acknowledge this." It's okay. It's okay. He's here, okay? She was like, "You almost did so well, you should've just done nothing with it." It was fine. I'm over it. Meghann: It's still fine. How did you all end up knowing you liked each other? I'll let him answer for himself in a second. But for me... ( chuckles ) She was gonna answer for me before. Laura: But now... Rick: No. No, no, no. Laura: You guys know me, and I can, like, harp on, like, little icks a lot. An ick, Dad, is like, "Ugh. Like, I don't like that." I don't know what day it was. It was early on, but we're all putting our best foot forward. I was like, "Let's, like, reverse-sell ourselves." I was like, "Gimme your character flaws. I'll give you mine." "Gimme some of your icks. I'll give some of you mine." Or ways that I can be annoying or whatever, you know, so there's no surprises. And he does this thing with Hawaiian shirts, which is not my favorite. They're awesome. I love it. I'm there for it. I am there. I'm fine with a fitted Hawaiian shirt. Okay. It's all good in moderation. Jeramey: I love this. It's moderation. Laura: I was asking questions. He didn't know what answer I wanted to hear. "How do you feel about motorcycles?" And he's like, "Oh, yeah." And I was like, "Ew." And I'm spiraling through this whole situation. I really liked him, but then I'm like, "Now he's kind of icked me out." So then I'm like, "Let me make a pros and cons list." Well, nobody's perfect. No, no. So I made a pros list, and I literally ran out of space on the page of all the pros. And they were important things. Religion, family values, how do you wanna raise a family. What do you see your future being like? Abortion, same-sex marriage. Everything we were aligned on. Meghann: Mm-hmm. And then there was, like, four things. Like, "Hawaiian shirts." "Motorcycles." Like, the dumbest sh¡t. ( chuckles ) Out of all those topics. It literally was like this compared to this. I would have thrown this person away in the outside world because of these stupid, superficial things that don't even matter. No, they don't. So then... anyways, that's my answer. So then that's how I knew. Wow! That's all you had to say, but... ( laughing ) "I made a pros and cons list, and I knew." ( laughing ) I like him. And he seems to really like her. And, uh, you know, put up with some of the stuff that she can dish out. And it can... it can be there sometimes. Rick: She's very strong-willed. If you make her into a princess and put her on a pedestal, she'll walk all over you. And hate that she gets away with it. I think they both really care. But seeing a little bit of butting heads here today, I don't know if it's in jest or what. Do you love this guy? Yeah. You guys talk pretty harshly to each other sometimes. I'd like to see you come out of it on the other end... Laura: Yeah. ...feeling like you're with a person. But, honestly, you know, playing up those crazy things about the shirts... It's just fun. It's just part of a personality. What is it about that that's... Laura: It's a turn off. My thing is... Cindy: But why? Laura: You remember, even since high school, there's just things that gross me out. Cindy: Can we get in the sun? Yeah, go get in the sun. Cindy: It's cold. Laura: Yeah. I had an oppor... Cindy: Come on, baby. Meghann: He seems to do well in social settings, which we love, right? I love the Hawaiian shirt thing. Laura: I cannot believe you. But, like, listen, I love it. Laura: Why do you like it? Because it's a sense of self-expression. And for me, like, if somebody loves something, like, I'm behind that. To me, it was like, "You're a grown-ass man that has a really nice sense of style." "You have confidence." It was like he was doing it to be silly... Which I really do love. Because when I see something that somebody likes, and it's truly something that they enjoy, then I love that. And I wanna celebrate that. Laura: Maybe he doesn't like them. I need to quit sh¡tting on them. Meghann: My husband, he loves Hawaiian shirts. Guess what's happening. Guess what's going in his wardrobe as soon as I can get 'em in there. They could share shirts. Meghann: We can do that. There's a whole closet upstairs that I'm, like... Well, I don't wanna take his Hawaiian shirts from him. ( laughing ) You can take 'em. You can take 'em far away. It's not gonna be perfect. And it's, "What can you deal with?" "What is okay that you are okay with for... ever?" Ever. ( pop music playing ) ♪ Last time we're gonna gather ♪ ( vocalizing ) ( thunder rumbling ) ( pop music playing ) ♪ I just feel alive ♪ ♪ Morning, noon and night... ♪ Johnny: Ooh! Amy: This is nice! Johnny: Look at that. Hi! Hey, how's it going? Amy: How are y'all? How are you? Johnny: Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I'm Johnny. Rodrigo. Nice to meet you. Why do you want to learn bachata? ( laughing ) I love bachata. I'm Latina. So any styles of... Rodrigo: Ah, yes. woman: Aww, that's fun. Yes. I feel it would be a cool thing to do at the wedding. Congratulations! Johnny: Thank you. You ready? Gotta get your hips ready. Johnny: Yes. ( laughing ) Rodrigo: One, two, three, tap. And five, six, seven, tap. Rodrigo: Basic, two, three. Five, let's go, she turns on a one... Oh, shoot! I forgot what we were doing! ( laughing ) I was so, like, engaged in the "spin, spin, spin, perfect!" Rodrigo: And turn, six, seven. Johnny: Oh! Shoot! I lost it! I lost it. Aha! There you go! One. Two, three. Up. Lift up. ( laughing ) Roll it! ( Rodrigo mutters ) ( laughs ) Am I getting it or no? We're gonna do great, babe. ( laughing ) We are. ( "Forever in You" by Emmaly playing ) ♪ Don't move, think we got something ♪ ♪ Don't wanna think about nothing else ♪ ♪ But this love that we fell into ♪ ♪ Don't stop looking at me like that ♪ ♪ I'm all in Right when I saw you, I knew ♪ ♪ I see forever in you ♪ ♪ Forever in you ♪ ♪ Forever in you ♪ ♪ Forever in you ♪ ♪ Forever in you... ♪ ( laughing ) ♪ Don't stop looking at me like that ♪ ♪ I'm all in Right when I saw you, I knew ♪ ♪ I see forever in you ♪ ♪ Forever in you ♪ I guess we go in this way. Can you help me with this umbrella? Thank you. ( pop music playing ) ♪ I'm cruisin', cruisin' with you... ♪ You excited to meet my mama? I am. Yeah? And my little sister? Yeah. Aww! ( laughs ) Hello! Hi! mother: Hi! How are you? I'm good! How are you? ( laughs ) Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I brought you flowers. Margarita: Okay. Nice to meet you. Hi. I'm AD. So nice to meet you. Hi, AD. You look so pretty. Oh, thanks, girl. Doing good? I like the all-pink look, looking good. Thank you. Thank you. Finally get to meet you. ( laughing ) I know. Hi! Margarita: Oh, my God. ( laughing ) ( laughing ) How was your flight? Margarita: It was good. It was good. I worked today. All day. Okay. Yeah, I worked today too. How did you spend your day? I didn't have much going on today. I went to the gym. Did some shopping, cleaned the house. Taylor: Okay. I'm a realtor, and I run a nightclub. Taylor: Okay. AD: I had today off. Taylor: I used to work at a nightclub. So what do you do there? I'm a VIP manager. A VIP manager? Okay. Yeah, so I take care of the entire club. Okay. I've been a realtor for about two years. Do you like it? AD: I do. Okay. Okay. My long-term goal is to be an investor. I wanna, like, renovate and flip homes. Margarita: Mm-hmm. I have, like, dreams of being a landlord. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, that could be aligned with Clay, with, you know, Mr. Entrepreneur. Um, he works very hard to build his business. So I know it's long hours. Mm-hmm. Is your work long hours as well? Or... AD: It's, um, long hours, but not... Like, it doesn't consume me throughout the week. Taylor: What'd you do today? I had meetings this morning. We're trying to close this deal. It's make or break for me this quarter. Yeah. Clay: Then went to the gym, got a little workout, and then got to see y'all beautiful faces. Margarita: Thank you! So good day for me. AD: It's so cold. I'm freezing. Are you freezing? Ooh! Yeah. Margarita: Look... No, no. No, no, I go through my hot and my cold. She likes it cold. Really? Thank you. Margarita: Okay? And you can open it. AD: Oh, my gosh. Thank you. Thank you. Margarita: One day, you'll be, you know, hot and cold too. Taylor: How do you feel about his work schedule? ( sighs ) Um, I'm starting to get the hang of it. I mean, 9:00 to 5:00 and then 9:00 to 9:00. ( laughs ) Making it work. Sometimes I feel like you will choose, like, convenience and comfort over coming back to the apartment, which obviously I get it if you have somewhere to be. But it's just, like, in the days or the moments where you could come back and we'd be together that night and, like, chat about anything, just be together, would make a world of a difference, but it's not the schedule. It's just what you do in the time that you have off. And what do you think, what she just said? Clay: It's valid. It's a valid point. We are engaged, and you wanna sleep with... You want me to come home, you know, and sleep with you. 100%, I get it. But seven days out the week, two days out the week, I'm just asking for stuff to be convenient for me, for my business. Like Sunday, right? Um, I didn't come home Saturday night because Sunday I had an early rental. And I had to go to Lake Norman. Pineville is literally an hour away from Lake Norman. I had to be there on time, gas up the jet ski. I had to gas up the boat. I just think that sometimes certain things are not that big of a deal, where it's like I'm literally just handling business. And also, too, I mean, you know, with her schedule, she just started working. Margarita: Okay. Whereas I started working immediately. There was free time on her end. I understand. Where I'm working, so it's like, "All right, where's Clay?" But you know, you got back... she works nightlife. She's gonna be coming home at 2:00 to 3:00 a.m. Mm-hmm. That hasn't happened yet. Because you have not gotten to your schedule. When back in your schedule, is it gonna be that much of an issue? I think it's gonna always be an issue if we're not making the time. I'm just getting a little frustrated with... I'm gonna make accommodations for stuff. But it's like, I'm gonna work. Yeah. And I'm trying my best, you know. I think I've made it very clear that I never, like, want you to not work. You're an entrepreneur. I love that you have your jobs. I love that you do what you do. I never wanna take that from you. Like, that's one thing we connected on is that you are a hard worker. Work is not the problem. Work has never been the problem ever. So what's the problem? Whoa! Clay: Sorry. ( chuckles ) Whoa. ( laughing ) ( AD clears throat ) It's just that... ( laughing ) I'm gonna have a sip. Sorry. So you don't think the times when we're just laughing, gossiping and stuff like that, those are not bonding? I'm asking you to get clarity. AD: We've had moments. Yes, for sure. But you don't think it's enough? No, I don't. 'Cause she doesn't get it. Like, she's not working. I'm trying my best with this, but I need a little bit of just like, "Hey. It's called grace. I just think that both of you have to give each other grace. What I wanna say, I... mean no disrespect, but I'm gonna say this because I'm 59 years old, and I've been married for close to 24 years, and I can do that. I think that you have to understand his work schedule, but it has to be a balance. And I understand that you have to go to work, and it's from one location, whatever, but if someone is important... you make the time. AD: Mm! Margarita: Period. If the love is there, you make the time. Period. ( "This Is Who We Are" by Trenton playing ) ♪ Is it written in the stars... ♪ Marriage is hard. Okay? It is the most sacred institution there is. And I say that even though my marriage failed. But 23 years, that's a nice run. For sure. You know? I want the very best for both of you. And with the right person, marriage is beautiful. Yeah. ♪ Is it really written in the stars? ♪ ♪ Yeah, this is who we are ♪ Excited? Yeah. Me too. Chelsea: Thanks, babe. I'm nervous. You're nervous? I'm really nervous. I'm really nervous. No, you're not. Why? 'Cause they're girls. You say they're nice girls though. They are nice girls. Yeah. I'm a nice girl, I think sometimes. I don't hang out with mean girls. And how long have you been friends with them again? Like, two years. Oh. So they do know some tea. ( laughing ) Oh, my gosh. They probably won't tell me anything though, until I get their trust, and then they'll be spilling. No, I'm terrified that they will tell you too much. ( laughing ) Too much? What don't I know? 'Cause they're like... Chelsea: Oh, God. I'm scared. Hi! Hi! What's up? Hello! What's up, girl? We missed you! Hi, I'm Barbara. So nice to meet you. Nice to meet you! Hi! I'm Maddie. Chelsea: Hi! Good to meet you. Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scrape you with my earring. You guys are so cute! We brought y'all a present. That's for us? We did. We brought you a bottle of bubbly to pop and some flowers for you. Congratulations! Oh, my God! This is so weird! It's been so long. Barbara: Mm! How are you guys? We're excited to see you and hang out. Yes, we're so excited too. Maddie: Let's see your ring. Barbara: Yeah, let's see it. Chelsea: Okay, ladies. Barbara gasps: It's huge! Chelsea: I heard. Yeah? You guys gave him some advice. We definitely gave him some advice. And you guys killed it. And... Good. It's beautiful. You did good, babe. ( laughing ) We raised him right. ( laughing ) Yeah, we did. Cheers to us. How's living together? Barbara: Yeah. Jimmy: It's been good. You've lived with a girl before. Have you ever lived with a guy? I used to be married. Oh, sh¡t! Wow. Okay. Damn, I didn't know that. It was a long time ago. And he was actually the only one who gave me a hard time about it. I had a heavy day. Yeah. So... That is so funny. How do you know you're ready to be married again? Yes. Um, I feel like I've matured so much. Um, and learned so much from being divorced. Having that time to really heal from my marriage and, like, really find myself, and I got my dream job and built a business, and I'm really secure in who I am as a person. Um, and I want someone to share a life with. And that's where you come in, my guy. ( laughing ) Chelsea: Oh! He makes me feel really heard and really seen. And that's something that I've always struggled with in past relationships is, like, people hearing me out and hearing me. He is, you know, so emotional, and I think we connect on that level. 'Cause I am an emotional freakin' lady. And, like, the fact that he's taking time to just learn me and learn my love languages and learn how to communicate with me. Barbara: Mm-hmm. Like, this morning, I told him, I was like, "I'm not initiating sеx anymore." And he goes, "Babe, you said you're not initiating sеx anymore." "I need you to say that you're not gonna do that anymore." ( laughing ) That was the thing you were upset about. I was doing it jokingly. Yeah, obviously, like, it's important. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think that's one thing that he would ever turn down. Yeah. Well, we love that, but... Yeah, get it out! Turn it up, girl! ( laughing ) Tell us. Tell us everything. So, anyway, I love your heart, and... ( laughing ) Heart? Is that the right word? ( laughing ) I think something that really, really got me on him is that, um... um, how emotional he is. Did you see how big her eyes got? ( laughing ) How emotional he is. Oh, so he cried during. Yeah. Barbara: Yeah. Wow. ( laughs ) While y'all had sеx, he cried? No, he did not. Oh, my God. No, you did not. I did not cry having sеx with her! You did. You definitely did. You're a crier! ( laughing ) ( Maddie snorts ) There it is. Yeah, snort, Maddie. Jimmy is very dependent on whoever he's with. He's told me that. Yeah. He is. Yeah. In a good way. In a good way. Yeah. Well, clearly not the past couple days. So you wanna tell them a little bit about that? Tell me about the past couple days. Chelsea: I'll tell them. He said I was clingy. Clingy? Jimmy! Clingy? The thing is, guess what. The person who can't breathe without somebody pushing air into your lungs? If you weren't clingy, he'd be like, "She fսck¡ng hates me." That's what he told me! He told me he needs me to... "Her leg stopped touching me last night. She doesn't love me anymore." That's exactly what he told me, so I was giving it to him. Just don't talk to him for, like, four hours. Then he'll miss it. Barbara: Let me ask you, how do you feel about Jimmy having really close girl friends? Yeah, um... It made me a little worried before. Um, but I also have close guy friends. And one of my best friends is my ex-boyfriend. We just were better off as friends than we were partners. So when he told me about you guys, I had no room to even say anything or think anything. Um, but my past has been a little different, where I've dated people who have really good girl friends, and they've all cheated on me with the good girl friends. So, of course, there's something in my head. Yeah. And, uh, you know... That's not fair at all to put those parameters on your friendship. You know what I mean? And when we were coming here, he's like, "They're gonna love you." "You're gonna love them. Gonna have new friends." And... and I do. I need more girl friends. I mean, you seem really great so far. Yes. He's like our brother, so... Yeah, yeah. They trust my judgment. Maddie: Yeah. I hope so. And if not, we'd tell him. Yeah, and I hope you would. I hope you would. We tell him like it is, 'cause we are. We're like the big sisters. Yeah, yeah. We like her. We like her, for sure. She seems, like, very bubbly. Seems very in love with Jimmy, which is number one. She could be our friend. Barbara: She could be our friend too. It's just wild, a few weeks ago we were just all, like, you know, hanging out. Going to a bar and now, like, possibly we might go to his wedding. Hopefully. ( chuckles ) Yes. I knew... Maddie: You know me better than that. I knew I was gonna love you girls, 'cause he goes, "They wanna know what you're wearing." I said, "Those are my girls." "Did she decide what she's wearing yet?" ( laughing ) ( "Slow It Down" by Feels Like playing ) Love that. ♪ Wow, baby, you're so elegant ♪ ♪ Let's slow it down ♪ Amy: Oh, my God, these look so cute! Look at you. You little baker, you. Amy: Giving housewife. Yay! Okay, I'm ready for your fam. Johnny: Our first time hosting. Amy: You excited? Johnny: Very excited. ( doorbell rings ) Who could that be? ( laughs ) I wonder who's... oh, my gosh! ( shouting ) Hey, guys! How are y'all doing? Good to meet you! ( laughing ) Hello! Nice to meet you finally! Oh, my God, you look so cute! ( laughing ) Thank you! Thank you. Johnny: Welcome. Hello, I know. woman: I can't wait to hear it. Johnny: Oh, my gosh, I know. So did John warn you that we are, like, the loudest people? Okay, I come from a very loud family. woman: Good! Good! This is perfect. ( laughing ) woman: I'm also staring at your ring. It is so beautiful. I haven't even... So, so, so beautiful. I cannot... He did such a good job. Oh, wow. I know. Oh, my God! I was sitting there the whole time just looking at that. Amy: Perfect. woman: Beautiful. He did that. woman: You did good, buddy! man: Let's go! I'm so proud. woman 2: Damn! ( laughing ) Johnny: We got some salads. We have some linguine with clams. woman: Wow. Okay, tell me about the pods. So, basically, for me, I'm very particular. Yeah. Amy: Johnny stood out the first day. But in the beginning, I said, "Johnny's here for a good time, not a long time." ( laughing ) Anna: I love that! ( laughing ) If you meet our family, that makes sense. People would initially think that. Cameron: Yes, yeah. But then he started actually, like, getting deep into it. Johnny! Yeah! We love this. Good work! ( laughing ) I always was hoping that Johnny was on the other side of the pod. I was like, "I just wanna talk to Johnny." Like, and I feel like that feeling of comfort that he gave me and the love that you kind of showed me through the wall... As corny as it is to say. Yeah. Amy: I was like, "If he proposes, I will say yes." Hell yeah, dude! Then he said the same thing. When he woke up that morning, he was, like, sure of it as well. How was the actual proposal? As soon as he asked, I was starting to get emotional. And then he called me the name that my mom was gonna name me. ( laughs ) Which is "Olenska" and then I, like, bust out laughing. I hope you referred to him as his almost name. Stone? Johnny: Hmm. ( laughing ) I love that you knew that! Yes! I know. We approve! Maria: Yeah, done. This is really exciting. It is very exciting. Johnny, you deserve good things. You deserve good things. Yeah. Maria: This is a good thing. Anna: Guys, I don't know. Not to say you're made for each other, but, like, it's, like... You feel, like, very right. Anna: Yeah. It feels very, very, very right. ( muttering ) ( laughing ) I know. ( laughing ) I'm ready for wedding day, just... Maria: Yeah. Anna: Us too. We are so excited. ( laughing ) Maria: Same. ( laughing ) Maybe love really is blind. ( shouting ) Cheers to Maria! Cheers to Maria! ( laughing ) Maria: Cheers to you guys. Seriously. Cameron: Cheers to you guys. I don't know if this is okay to say. Like, say yes. ( laughing ) I'm ready to say yes to her. ( laughing ) ( "Rich with Love" by Adriana Stone playing ) ♪ I'm rich with love ♪ ♪ I'm rich with love ♪ ♪ We're so eternal ♪ ♪ You gotta pick me up ♪ What's up, buddy? Laura: Okay. Are you gonna sit there with your sunglasses on inside? You left at 10:45 and were out till five-something in the fսck¡ng morning. Mm-hmm. The bars close at 2:00. What were you doing until five o'clock? Jeramey: Okay. I don't see why you can't just answer the question. Went to originally go to a karaoke bar. As I was leaving here, location changed. Told we're going to Lost and Found. Cool. Gonna meet up at Lost and Found. When I was halfway there, got a text message from one of the guys from the pods, saying, "Hey, Sarah is out here. Just so you know." I directly was like, "I'm probably gonna turn around." And was like, "No, I'm not gonna let somebody else, like, dictate what I do." So, went there. She comes over to me and is like, "Oh, hi, Jeramey," hugs me, walks away. I'm like, "What was that?" Then I find out that she's upset about a lot of things. So, in order to not drag things out and make it worse, I was like, "Do I need to have a conversation with her?" Oh, my god. So, yeah, we hung back, and we talked about things. You hung back with Sarah Ann and were talking till 5:00 a.m.? Yes. The sh¡t's adding up. You're constantly dumping things on me that pertain to this other person that I have to deal with, but you're like, "Oh, that's your issue, not mine. I told you." What is there you have to deal with? "I'm in the clear." What do you mean? The fact that you haven't shut sh¡t down with Sarah Ann. You could've easily prevented all of this bullshit had you just responded appropriately when she DMed you. But, no. You did nothing. You followed her back. You haven't taken any initiative to shut this sh¡t down. So I'm just supposed to trust that you just supposedly had this lovely conversation where you did nothing but shut it down, when you could've done that weeks ago. I understand how that can look. I understand how that can come across. Laura: Right now, I don't fսck¡ng believe you. You must have left the door at least a little bit cracked open for her to think it was even remotely appropriate to reach out to you. Maybe it's that you're not capable of severing the limb and cutting things off. Maybe you're Mr. Nice Guy too much. I don't know. So I'm nitpicky about your Hawaiian shirts and some other stupid superficial bullshit which doesn't even matter. I've brought you none of this bullshit. I knew this sh¡t was gonna happen. I am sorry for that, but, like, as an extra layer of reassurance, like, I shared my location with you. Like, just so you knew exactly where I was at. How was that supposed to give any reassurance? Nor do I want to be engaged to someone to where I need that level of reassurance. Where I need to follow their location? fսck no! And I was asleep. So what exactly did you want me to do? Stay up and follow your car? No. How would that be any reassurance? Reassurance would be coming home at a decent hour, not six o'clock in the morning. I would have acted so much differently than you did in this situation, it's unreal. I know nothing bothers you, and you don't get stressed out, but I'm supposed to meet the mother of my fiancé today. I don't wanna hang out with your mother and act fake as fսck in front of her. She's gonna be like, "Why did you choose my wonderful son?" I don't have anything nice to say now. Okay. Laura: I could've gotten a text last night. I could have gotten any fսck¡ng acknowledgement as your fiancée, the one you chose. Oh, but you shared your location, so I'm supposed to be good. Where were you? In the parking lot. Laura: You're just hanging out at Lost and Found till five-something in the morning? I'm not denying anything. You're denying leaving the bar. I don't wanna talk about that this second. You don't wanna talk about it? Jeramey: No. Just admit that you lied, then. I'm not gonna lie to you about it. You weren't at the parking lot of Lost and Found. Don't share your fսck¡ng location if you don't want me to check it. That's bullshit. I parked. Great. There's Lost and Found. Then there's an alley that cuts back there. You weren't even in South End. You were north of Uptown, which is where Sarah Ann lives. ( pop music playing ) ♪ We keep playing with fire... ♪ I literally knew. I knew when I woke up at five this morning. I was like, "I would fսck¡ng bet my bottom dollar that you were with Sarah Ann." I don't have anything else to say. ♪ Yeah, we keep playing with fire ♪ ( vocalizing ) Laura: I want out. ♪ So we keep playing with fire... ♪ ( pop music playing ) ( shouting ) Jimmy: I am in love. And I found an incredible person in Chelsea. There's not a doubt I made the right decision. Amy: I've faced so many hurdles in finding my Prince Charming. I feel like I finally found him. Johnny: I saw the future and knew exactly what it was, and it was with Amy. I'm gonna be a great father. Can't wait. Ooh. I can't wait for that for us. Ooh! Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I never thought I was gonna be good at marriage. I don't wanna be in a situation where I'm ever gonna cheat. Do you think that's, like, the biggest thing, is that you're gonna cheat? He doesn't think that your all is enough for him? Then that's not your guy. Johnny: May I marry your daughter? man: For me, it is kind of overwhelming. Oh, my God! ( shouting ) I'm Jess. Jimmy. Hey, guys! ( exhales ) man: Here we go. Jeramey: You shaved the mullet. This whole sh¡t is hard. Trevor is normally what I go for. We have talked about what life would look like if we picked other people. He did not choose you. He told me that he's breaking everything off, and I was like, "Okay." Jess is very good-looking. I am attracted to her. I care about you a lot. In reality, you are my number one still. You fսckеd her! And I know you fսckеd her! ( bells ringing ) Amy: This is, like, a huge, pivotal moment in both of our lives. minister: Now is the time to decide if love is blind. ( exhales ) ( "Didn't Wanna Wait" playing ) ♪ Didn't wanna wait on your pace ♪ ♪ Wasted all those years for your sake ♪ ♪ All the things you put us through more ♪ ♪ I forget just who I'm here for ♪ ♪ Who I'm here for ♪ ♪ I didn't wanna wait ♪ ♪ I didn't wanna wait for you ♪ ♪ I didn't wanna wait for you ♪